(bkz: dokuzdan bese) dolly partonin hos bir sarkisidir.dinleyen seker kizlarin abd de garson olasi gelir. keske bir donut ta ben isteyebilsem kendilerinden. tumble outta bed and stumble to the kitchen pour myself a cup of ambition yawnin', stretchin', try to come to life jump in the shower and the blood starts pumpin' out on the streets the traffic starts jumpin' and folks like me on the job from 9 to 5 chorus: workin' 9 to 5 what a way to make a livin' barely gettin' by it's all takin' and no givin' they just use your mind and they never give you credit it's enough to drive you crazy if you let it 9 to 5, for service and devotion you would think that i would deserve a fair promotion want to move ahead but the boss won't seem to let me in i swear sometimes that man is out to get me mmmmm... they let your dream just a' watch 'em shatter you're just a step on the boss man's a' ladder but you got dream he'll never take away on the same boat with a lot of your friends waitin' for the day your ship'll come in and the tide's gonna turn an' it's all gonna roll you away workin' 9 to 5 what a way to make a livin' barely gettin' by it's all takin' and no givin' they just use your mind and you never get the credit it's enough to drive you crazy if you let it 9 to 5, yeah, they got you where they want you there's a better life and you think that i would daunt you it's a rich man's game no matter what they call it and you spend your life puttin' money in his wallet workin' 9 to 5 what a way to make a livin' barely gettin' by it's all takin' and no givin' they just use you mind and they never give you credit it's enough to drive you crazy if you let it 9 to 5, yeah, they got you where they want you there's a better life and you dream that i would daunt you it's a rich man's game no matter what they call it and you spend your life puttin' money in his wallet
(bkz: nine to five)
geçenlerde bir çinli arkadaşa yolladığım şarkı. sürekli çok çalıştığından dem vuruyordu. ben de şunu dinle seversin diye yolladım. bayıldı. hatta ofiste dinliyorlarmış. çin halkının uyanmasında bir nebze katkım olduysa ne mutlu(!) bu şarkıyla pekin'e yürüyen çinliler hayal ediyorum, gözlerim kapalı. devrim başlatan bir superstar ve erkek olsaydım dragqueen olurdum diyen dolly parton. ileride tiananmen meydanı'na şöyle bir büstümü de dikerler belki. (bkz: cazibe bey'ın gündüz düşleri)
(bkz: five to one)
(bkz: 24-7 man)
(bkz: 9to5 days in porn)
lady sovereign tarafından seslendirilen alarm parçası olmaya aday şarkı.. sözleri: ok yo.... i wake up late every morning managers calling i'm still yawning get up wake up hair and make-ups waiting for you don't be stalling this performance is important i don't think i can put my all in hold on i was drunk last night now it's all kicking in and i don't feel right gave my number to a breh who wasn't my type now my phone's on silent i'm being polite now private callers get no love from me just let me be... [chorus:] oh my gosh my days are getting longer there's no turning back 'cause i'm working the 9 to 5 to keep my contract did i say 9 i meant 1:30 i'm no early birdy i'm lazy that's all that i can say so make sure you heard me and there's no turning back 'cause i'm working a 9 to 5 so you gotta...do...sum...ite... for...channel...u channel who sorry who i'm altered for snooze oh! channel u the ones that made me huge like katie price's boobs whoops i'm being rude where's my red bull and my sandwich i need food i can't handle this i'm getting pissed like pampers throwing a tantrum "action" nah i'd actually rather catch my z's and count sheep in my sleep let's not wake her up she actually looks quite sweet [chorus:] oh my gosh my days are getting longer and there's no turning back 'cause i'm working a 9 to 5 to keep my contract did i say that i meant 1:30 i'm no early birdy i'm lazy that's all that i can say so make sure you heard me i ain't no early birdy won't wake up till 12:30 i couldn't be bothered to say much ere so oh dear huh where am i man..? this... ain't good... what's going on?! so my label have changed my image i'm a pink lipstick chick called dipstick this ain't on my wishlist oh shit i'm in fhm posing in a bikini next to a lamborghini next stop the theme tune for tweenies i'm presenting c-beebies [pukes] have you seen me? never again, am i drinking lambrini? "it's alright, sov it's a dream... just wake up!" [chorus:] oh my gosh my days are getting longer and there's no turning back 'cause i'm working the 9 to 5 to keep my contract did i say that i meant 1:30 i'm no early birdy i'm lazy i'll say it again to make sure you heard me i ain't no early birdy won't wake up to 12:30 and i can't be bothered to say much ere so i'll say it again [repeat chorus]
(bkz: dokuz altı yollarında)
şöyle bir klibe sahip parça: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atraudfhq4o lady sov'un the ordinary boys ile beraber icra ettiği versiyonunun adı nine2five. (onun klibi de şu: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usa8yzsrff4)
