ingilizcede basliklandirilmamis, isimsiz birakilmis, mahsun.
dust'in tp93'te (hatirladigim kadariyla) birinci olmu$ demosu..
acemi webmaster(!) ların sitelerini yaparken. <title> </title> tagleri arasına bir şey yazmayı unuttuklarında browser'ın tepesinde yazan yazı...
disintegrationdan cok guzel bir the cure parcasi. ve sozleri de ho$. hopelessly drift in the eyes of the ghost again down on my knees and my hands in the air again pushing my face in the memory of you again but i never know if it's real never know how i wanted to feel never quite said what i wanted to say to you never quite managed the words to explain to you never quite knew how to make them beleivable and now the time has gone another time undone hopelessly fighting the devil futility feeling the monster climb deeper inside of me feeling him gnawing my heart away hungrily i'll never lose this pain never dream of you again..
son iki cumlesiyle tum disintegration albumunun ozetini gecen,olayin sonuc bolumu..
(bkz: disintegration is the best album ever)
genellikle paradox yapısında bir kelime. bazı başlıklar "untitled" olur ama bu da bir başlıktır ve dediği gibi başlıksız değildir başlığı henüz kullanıcı tarafından konmamış default bir başlık adıdır.
sifatsiz anlamina da gelebilir
smashing pumpkins'in 2001 tarihli greatest hits-rotten aples toplamasina alinana kadar unrealesed statusunde kalmish sarkisi.
1993 de cikan enslaved & satyricon split albumunde yer alan bir parca enslaved grubuna ayit.
disintegration bitirmek gibi 1 şerefe sahiptir. görevini de hakkıyla yerine getirir. sözleri de şahanedir müziği de. en güzel isimli cure şarkısı dalında 1. sırada.
acı veren tom mcrae şarkılarından biri. get me out, get me out, get me out of this room, let me see cut it out, cut it out, rip it out from this wound, let me bleed but wait now, wait now for me...won't you... shut it out, shut it out, black it out with the night, to put me at ease won't you... talk it out, talk it out, yell out to the ghosts that stalk the street but wait now, wait now for me... and we'll sail on the high tide, drift on the open sea i've been waiting for so long take my hand, take my hand, kiss me softly, then take your leave..won't you.. sit down, sit down, take the weight of me, let me grieve but wait now, wait now for me and we'll sail on the high tide, drift on the open sea i've been waiting for so long but wait now, wait now for me and we'll sail on the high tide, drift on the open sea i've been waiting for so long
aşmış bi silverchair parçası. dağıtır insanı..
silverchair olanın sözler de aha aşağıdaki gibidir: i'm just another body down internal bleeding round and round and all i can think of are ways to die alone and all i can think of are ways to die alone a portrait of my skeletal gain left selfish and hungry so feed me the pain escape reality with new pain then let the cycle start again and all i can think of are ways to die alone and all i can think of are ways to die alone dream of content, a pain filtered farm all i can say....... dreams are bad when all they do is leave the truth behind dreams are bad when negativity's a state of mind dreams are bad when all they do is leave the truth behind dreams are bad.
strifeın bir compilationda yer alan fakat hiçbir albumunde bulunmayan.diger parçalarına nazaran biraz daha farklı bir parçası.klibide süperdir bu parçanın.
suede in bir şarkısı. a new morning adlı albümde mevcuttur. sözleri ise; will you be my lover? will you be the one? will you be like no other? for how long? oh yes i'll be your wild flower grown through the concrete and born to the backbeat of the stars and yes i am just a stupid guy crushed like a butterfly dead-eyed at the drive-by in a car and like flies on a windscreen and like insects in glue we could stick together if you wanted to and yes i'll be your wild flower grown through the concrete streets and born to the backbeat of the stars and yes i'm just a stupid guy crushed like a butterfly dead-eyed at the drive-by in a car yeah just a stupid guy crushed like a butterfly dead-eyed at the drive-by in a car
pearl jam'in live on two legs albümünde yer alan bir şarkısı.kısa ve öz,aynı anda hüzünlü ve umut verici... got a car got some cash oh, let's get outta here get outta here fast oh, everyone's confused so i stay in my room if i go, i don't want to go alone i hope you get this message for your not home i could be there in ten minutes or so oh, i got my things we'll make it up as we go along oh, with you i could never be alone... never be alone...
interpol'un turn on the bright lights isimli albümünün açılış parçası... surprise sometime i'll come 'round surprise sometime i'll come 'round i will surprise you sometime i'll come 'round oh, i will surprise you sometime i'll come 'round when you're down evet bu kadar sözleri dahası yok...(bkz: az ama öz)
yarmış bir güzellikteki social distortion parçası sözlerini yazmadan olmaz tabi ki..... i'm heading down a lonely highway i'm running down a one-way street well, i wanna know are you going my way? is there some place quiet where we can meet and friends they come and friends they go but you were always by my side and where it all ends well, i don't know don't cry no more, just hold on tight there was a time when i was desperate living in a town without a name and when things got so dark and desolate you taught me how to hide my shame and kings and queens and millionaires may never know what i have known and thank the stars i'm the lucky one thanks for the lessons that i have been shown i feel rich i feel power and security and when i'm weak you are strong once in a lifetime, twice in eternity and guess what? nothing else matters anyway i feel rich i feel power and security and when i'm weak you are strong once in a lifetime, twice in eternity and guess what? nothing else matters anyway
mutlu sayilabilecek nadir smashing pumpkins parcalarindan biri. ayrica d angelo nun bir r&b balladinin da adi.
frederick l. hosmer'in yazmış olduğu şiir: i cannot think of them as dead, who walk with me no more; along the path of life i tread -- they have but gone before. the father's house is mansioned fair, beyond my vision dim; all souls are his, and here or there are living unto him. and still their silent ministry within my heart hat h place, as when on earth they walked with me, and met me face to face. their lives are mad forever mine; what they to have been hath left henceforth its seal and sign engraven deep within. mine are they by an ownership nor time nor death can free; for god hath given to love to keep its own eternally.
tum copy pastelerimi yaptigim.icinde onlarca adrs sarki sozu yazi mail vesayrenin bulundugu notepad dosyasi.
smashing pumpkinsin son singlei. şarkısı.
smashing pumpkins e ait olanin sozleri: should i know all we're missing what's to stop what they're missing to feel love, to be in love all around anyone can hold a promise not everyone can feel honored to be in love, to feel love all around turn me on, hear me speak let me be what i need you're enough for me many times while you sleep i'm dreaming of what to keep to know your wish, hold it true to slay the things that trouble you turn me on, out of reach listen here, feel me just believe, just believe you'll see to feel love, to be in love all around hold the truth if you want it if you don't, i won't flaunt it to feel love, to be in love all around when you're young you can promise anything that you wanted to be in love, to feel love all around turn me on, let me speak from my heart, i receive plain happiness, just happiness you and me to feel love, to be in love all around to be in love, to feel love all around to feel love, to be in love all around to be in love, to feel love around i know your wish, i hold it true (feel love around) to hide the things that trouble you (feel love around) turn me on out of reach (feel love around) let me speak all my peace (feel love around) just believe what you keep (feel love around) you'll never need to hurry me (feel love around) to be in love, to feel love all around to feel love, to be in love all around to be in love, to feel love all around to feel love, to be in love all around to be in love, to feel love all around
(bkz: untitled 1)
amon tobin'in collaborations ep'sinden kid koala'yla yaptığı parça.
günde 20 defa dinlediğim, her seferinde farklı bir şarkıymışçasına beni benden alan, her seferinde farklı duyduğum şarkıdır. söyleyenin adının "bilinmeyen sanatçı"* olması, "meçhul asker" karizması katıyor olaya.
http://www.untitled.co.uk/ **
afi'nin sing the sorrow albümünden bir parça. [spoken] we held hands on the last night on earth. our mouths filled with dust, we kissed in the fields and under trees, screaming like dogs, bleeding dark into the leaves. it was empty on the edge of town but we knew everyone floated along the bottom of the river. so we walked through the waste where the road curved into the sea and the shattered seasons lay, and the bitter smell of burning was on you like a disease. in our cancer of passion you said, "death is a midnight runner." the sky had come crashing down like the news of an intimate suicide. we picked up the shards and formed them into shapes of stars that wore like an antique wedding dress. the echoes of the past broke the hearts of the unborn as the ferris wheel silently slowed to a stop. the few insects skittered away in hopes of a better pastime. i kissed you at the apex of the maelstrom and asked if you would accompany me in a quick fall, but you made me realize that my ticket wasn't for two. i rode alone. you said, "the cinders are falling like snow." there is poetry in despair, and we sang with unrivaled beauty, bitter elegies of savagery and eloquence. of blue and grey. strange, we ran down desperate streets and carved our names in the flesh of the city. the sun was stagnated somewhere beyond the rim of the horizon and the darkness is a mystery of curves and lines. still, we lay under the emptiness and drifted slowly outward, and somewhere in the wilderness we found salvation scratched into the earth like a message.
almost famousun 2 saat 35 dakikalik versiyonu.
smallville 4. sezon 13.bölümün sonunda tanıştığım simple plan parçası, bu dinlenesi parçanın sözlerini verdim mi mevsiminde tadından yenmez: i open my eyes i try to see but i'm blinded by the white light i can't remember how i can't remember why i'm lying here tonight and i can't stand the pain and i can't make it go away no i can't stand the pain how could this happen to me? i've made my mistakes i've got no where to run the night goes on as i'm fading away i'm sick of this life i just wanna scream how could this happen to me? everybody's screaming i try to make a sound but no one hears me i'm slipping off the edge i'm hanging by a thread i wanna start this over again so i try to hold on on to a time when nothing mattered and i can't explain what happened and i can't erase the things that i've done no i can't how could this happen to me? i've made my mistakes i've got no where to run the night goes on as i'm fading away i'm sick of this life i just wanna scream how could this happen to me? i've made my mistakes i've got no where to run the night goes on as i'm fading away i'm sick of this life i just wanna scream how could this happen to me?
ilginç bi şekilde tüm untitled parcalar güzeldir tanımı yapmama yol açan isimsiz sarkı isimleri.
sözleri bana paul banks'in sadistliğinden ileri geliyor gibi gelen interpol güzelliği.yani hani geleceğim ve göreceksin şaşırtıcam seni daha fena yapıcam sen zaten kötü durumdayken filan demek istiyor sanki.öyle sakin sakin söyleyişine aldanmamak lazım içinde var bu çocuğun bu.muhteşem bir açılış şarkısı olduğunu söylemeden geçemiyeceğim birde tabiki.
en çok kullanılan parça isimlerinden biri sanırım. sigur ros'un da bu isimde bir parçası vardır. vazgeçmiş bir ruh halini anlatıyor. yağmurlu bir akşam üstü ıssız bir norveç sahilinde dolaşıyormuş hissi verir diyecem ama hiç norveç'e gitmedim o yüzden demiyorum. siz yine de dinleyin.
d'angelo 'nun 2000 yilinda cikarmis oldugu voodoo adli albumdeki -kanaatimce- en guzel ve en seksi sarkisi. nedense sicak yaz gecelerinin duygusunu verir: hafiften kararmis hava, insani yerinden dahi kipirdatmayan bir sicak hakim sehre, butun kapi pencereler sonuna kadar acik da olsa hafifce terliyor insan ve elindeki buz gibi bira sisesine sariliyor. amfiden untitled duyuluyor, cok yavas baslamis olan sarki gitgide temposunu yukseltiyor ve 6.dakikadan sonra muhtesem bir finalle bitiyor. bu arada klibinin harikuladeligi ise tamamen baska bir entyr konusu. (bkz: #10515322)
evolution, i will protect you ve kiss ile dikkat ceken korn albumu. malesef biraz hafif pop desek yalan olmaz.
disintegration albümünün 12. ve son parçasıdır.
korn un 2007 tarihli albümü intro starting over bitch we got a problem evolution hold on kiss do what they say ever be love and luxury innocent bystander killing hushabye i will protect you
bir blink 182şarkısı, dude ranchalbümünden... i think of a while ago we might of have had it all i was so stupid then you needed time to grow but now just as things change as well my feelings do in time things rearrange i am so sick of chasing you but what do i get 'cause i just seem to lose you make me regret those times i spent with you and playing those games as i wait for your call and now i give up, so goodbye and so long it's not a change of pace this time i'll get it right it's not a change of taste i was the one there last night you have your other friends they were there when you cried didn't mean to hurt you then best friends just won't leave your side but what do i get 'cause i just seem to lose you make me regret those times i spent with you and playing those games as i wait for your call and now i give up, so goodbye and so long it's not a change of pace this time i'll get it right it's not a change of taste i was the one there last night when i needed you most when i needed a friend you let me down now like i let you down then so sorry, it's over
korn' un cikarmis oldugu 8. studyo albumu olup, elestirmenler tarafından issues albumunden sonra korn' un yaptigi en iyi album olarak nitelendirilen ve sing sorrow adlı olabildigine huzunlu bir bonus tracke sahip, sound u guclu bir korn albumu.
korn'un tekrar kendine has atmosferini bulduğu albümdür. evet eski korn değildir ama vasat parçalardan oluşan son 3 zorlama albüm gibi de değildir, lezizdir.
turn on the bright lights'in acilis sarkisi. sozlerinin dogru yazilmis hali ise su sekilde: surprise sometimes will come around surprise sometimes will come around i will surprise you sometime i'll come around i will surprise you sometime i'll come around when you're down
interpol'un untitled'ı friends'in 09x24 numaralı bölümünün sonunda joey'nin charlie ile ross'u öpüşürken gördükten sonra rachel'ın odasına gidip rachel'ı öpmesiyle sonuçlanan sekansı boyunca çalar. açıkçası hafif bir diziye ağır ve karanlık kaçmış olsa da, yakışmıştır. sezon finali diye yapımcılar da çıkışmamış heralde.
bir trespassers william şarkısı. birbirinden başarılı different stars isimli albümün içinde barınmaktadır. diğer şarkılardan farklı olarak ise bariz bir dolores o riordan efektine sahip olmasıdır. bütün enerjiyi sömüren şarkılar kategorisin de dereceye girebilir bu şarkı. moduna göre dinlense harika olabilir o yüzden. it is too late to feel like a numb skin say that you've harpooned me, am i a prize then i am lost as the sea, you tell me what i see love was supposed to save me love was supposed to save me it is too dim to read, and there's no moon our love always rhymes like a poem this mirror seems wrong you decide what i am love was supposed to save me love was supposed to save me you chose the rose with the thorn you chose the sky with the storm i'll take the lover that lies my piece of divine til everything dies love was supposed to save me love was supposed to save me
keith jarrett'in 28 mayıs 1981 bregenz konserinde yer alan emprovize parçası. girift yapısı, beyni uyuşturan ritmi, inişleri ve çıkışları ile ustanın unutulmaz parçalarındandır.
steven wilson'ın insurgentes albümünün belki de en catchy parçası olduğu için, adı (adsızlığı) daha da ilginçleşiyo. bazı kaynaklarda the 78 diye de anılmışlığı var. discarded love today, and north will soon become i lost to much today, so myth will soon become i threw my life away and for what? i blew my chances too i see the bitter truth i give up relinquish all connection, and be yourself for once distrusting insurrection, so thank yourself for once i threw my life away and for what? i blew my chances too i see the bitter truth i give up what seems so real today, will soon enough become the thing you've always craved, surely now i've become i threw my life away and for what? i blew my chances too i see the bitter truth i give up i give up i threw my life away and for what? i blew my chances too i see the bitter truth i give up i give up
zamanında uykusuzken arka arkaya defalarca dinlediğim için artık her dinleyişimde bana uykusuzluğu ve yorgunluğu hatırlatan karanlık interpol şarkısı.
gece vakti ansızın damardan girip, insanı alıp götüren bambaşka bir interpol şarkısı. ayrıca adam freeland'in back to mine'ın da en nadide köşe olarak yer almakta.
disintegrationin hopelesly ve futility ana temasina siki sikiya bagli sarkisi. robert smith "i'll never lose this pain" dediginde sarkinin konusundan bagimsiz sekilde kendinize donersiniz.simdi haksizlik yaptim gibi geldi diger cumlelere halbuki elimizde "feeling him gnawing my heart away hungrily" var ki yamyam gibi de hissedebilirsiniz kendinizi ne de olsa o ghost dedigimiz kendimizden baskasi degil.
saybia'nın untitled' ı bazı yörelerimizde hidden track olarak da bilinir. ama en nihayetinde ben olsam ben de isim koyamazdım böyle bir sanat eserine, o let me ease your pain desin, sen kafana diktiğin şişeyi biraz daha yukarı kaldır. iyi akşamlar. (bkz: hidden track/@rapper134)
aynı zamanda sine büyüka'nın radio eksen'deki programının adı sanı. ki bu ad interpol'den esin bulmuş olmalı. yaklaşık olarak 3 aydır yayında program. ve her çarşamba akşam 10'da. untitled'ın tarih tarih playlist'ini şurdan bulmak pek mümkün. ben son olarak crystal castles'ın celestica'sına eşlik etmiştim programda. güzeldi. hep güzeldi.
insanı çok üzebilen ve yıkan bir interpol şarkısıymış. bugun ben bunu öğrendim.
salak bir festivalde izlediğim salak bir absürd komedi. tek tanınır oyuncusu adam goldberg'ti. konusu, saçma ve soyut sanat çevresinde yaşanan ilişkiler. filme dair sevdiğim tek nokta, izleyicisiyle kurduğu iletişim ve verdiği ders. siz filmdeki saçma ve aptalca yorumlara sanat diye bakan ve binlerce dolar veren salaklara gülerken... eminim bu filmi yapanlar da sinemaya gelp bu filmi izleyenlere aynı şekilde gülmüşlerdir. edit: ahh unuttum. "her daim odun" vinnie jones da soyut sanatçı rolünde... haha
muhteşem bir interpol parçasıdır. uzun zamandır oldugunuz yere kilitleyen bir müzik duymadıysanız iyi gelir.
aynı zamanda six feet under dördüncü sezon on ikinci bölümünün adı.
veronica roth'un divergent uclemesinin son kitabinin ismi olmasi bekleniyor.
muazzam ötesi live performansları youtube'da bulunabilen; interpol'un en iyi işi kanımca. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3z4mndqj9e
sea oleena'nın az bilinen ve de sevimli şarkısıdır aynı zamanda, şurdan dinlenebilir; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9m_gzhmavjs sözleriyse şöyledir; there's a shadow in the door-frame with a hunger for the highway the poison from the bee sting the mirrors on the ceiling the thunder and the lightning the hibernating heart sings out and ı shake the hand of the seamstress pinning up the clouds like patches a little bit blue around the edges hanging all the quilts from the ceilings another room, another day, another season another feeling another reason to call me a liar standing in the park beside the fire stepping over lines that ı had drawn there there's a quiet conversation a discarded invitation a statue on the fountain a molehill on the mountain a river through the kitchen we're swimming in basement now and ı met the ghost in the mirror gave me quite a fright but ı came nearer told me all his secrets in a whisper and ı had my palm read by the psychic weather reporter said he was a wicked fortune-teller gazing at the glowing teleprompter
