the charlatans adlı grubun, us and us only albümündeki bir parça.aynı zamanda,her ev bir yuva diildir anlamı içeren bir özlü söz
(bkz: ev) (bkz: yuva)
(bkz: bu ev artık yuva değil)
ayni sekilde "home need not be a house." insan kendini bir parktaki banka ait, orada huzurlu ve mutlu hissediyorsa, o banki ozluyorsa mesela, homeless diyebilir miyiz ona? (bkz: ay sarayi)
(bkz: a horse is not a home)
1964'de ilk olarak dionne warwick tarafından seslendirilmiş, sözleri burt bacharach ve hal david tarafından yazılmış şahane bir şarkıdır. şarkı birçok sanatçı tarafından coverlanmış, luther vandross yorumu dionne warwick'i de etkileyerek 1981'de listelerde bir numaralı r&b hiti olmuştur. ayrıca geçmiş tarihlerde o zamanki adıyla puff daddy jennifer lopez'le barışmak için sevgililer gününde bizzat luther vandross'un kendisinden bu şarkıyı hediye etmiştir :) sözleri şöyledir: doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo oh...oh...oh...oh...oh... a chair is still a chair, even when there's no one sittin' there but a chair is not a house and a house is not a home when there's no one there to hold you tight and no one there you can kiss goodnight whoa...oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...oh... girl a room is a still a room, even when there's nothin' there but gloom but a room is not a house and a house is not a home when the two of us are far apart and one of us has a broken heart now and then i call your name and suddenly your face appears but it's just a crazy game when it ends, it ends in tears pretty little darling, have a heart, don't let one mistake keep us apart i'm not meant to live alone, turn this house into a home when i climb the stairs and turn the key oh, please be there, sayin' that you're still in love with me, yeah... i'm not meant to live alone, turn this house into a home when i climb the stairs and turn the key oh, please be there, still in love i said still in love still in love with you...yeah... are you gonna be in love with me i want you and need to be, yeah still in love with me say you're gonna be in love with me it's drivin' me crazy to think that my baby couldn't be still in love with me are you gonna be, say you're gonna be are you gonna be, say you're gonna be are you gonna be, say you're gonna be well, well, well, well still in love, so in love, still in love with me are you gonna be say that you're gonna be still in love with me, yeah... with me, oh...oh...oh...oh...oh... still in love with me, yeah...yeah...
mutluluk kaynağı glee'de kurt hummel tarafından muhteşem yorumlanmıştır.
(bkz: a house is not a motel)
aynı zamanda gilmore girls beşinci sezon yirmi ikinci bölümünün adı.
ella fitzgerald'ın beni benden alarak yorumladığı şarkıdır. https://www.youtube.com/…yer_embedded&v=_gtacoc9niq
