stargate sg-1 dizisinin 2. sezon 16. bölümünün adı.
wasting light'ın dingin yumruklarından bir foo fighters parçası.
the killers-battle born albünün fevkalade şarkılarından biridir kendisi. sözleri de şu şekildedir: you’re looking for a way out, i can feel it, (ohhhhhhh oohhh ohh ohh ohh ohh ohh) come on show me where it hurts, maybe i can heal it, (oooohhhh oohhh ohh ohh ohh ohh ohh) your feelings are your own now you keep, them under lock and key, (oooh ooohh ooohhhhh ohhh oh oh ohh) you got me driving through the streets , for an answer to the mystery. (ooohh ooohhh ohhh ohh ohh oh oh ohhhh) the willows still weep on charleston avenue, (the willows still weep) outside that vacant starlight motel, i see you laughing with your girlfriends, not a care in the world, not a burden on your mind – it was a matter of time. there’s a panic in this house and it’s bound to surface, (oohhh ohhh ohhh ohhhh ohhh ohhh ohhh ohhh) just walking through the front door makes me nervous, (oohhh ohhh ohhh ohhhh ohhh ohhh ohhh ohhh) it’s creeping up the floor boards got me wondering where i stand, (oohhh ohhh ohhh ohhhh ohhh ohhh ohhh ohhh) how can i put out the fire, i got a book of matches in my hand? (oohhh ohhh ohhh ohhhh ohhh ohhh ohhh ohhh) when we first met, head strong and filled with doubt, (filled with doubt) made just enough hustling tables that summer to take you out. (take you out) i was falling back on forever, then you told me about your heart, you laid it on the line. (ohhhh ohhhhhhhhh) (yeeeaahhhhh yeeahhhhhh) laughing with your girlfriends, not a care in the world, not a burden on your mind, (you laid it on the line) it i knew right then and there, it was only a matter of time. we find ourselves a place we belong in this forever, ain’t that what it’s all about. make the promise to keep it, come hell or high water, we’d figure it out. it was the night, it was the moon, it was the green grass in the garden, the victory and the sin, i know you’re weary, look at me, flailing in the corner, now here’s the towel, go on, throw it in. it was a matter of time, can’t you see that it’s tearing me up inside? look what’s laid on our feet. that’s the wreckage of broken dreams and burned out halos, and it’s here on our street. (ooohhh ohhhh)
