1988 yapimi steven seagal filmi, filmde bu sefer eski cia ajani, yeni dea polisi nico toscani rolundedir seagal. kankalarindan birini de eski foxy brown yeni jackie brown pam grier abla oynar. nico, cia hesabina kambocya'da oldugu gunlerde kar$i kar$iya geldigi general fox ile, bir uyu$turucu operasyonunda yeniden kar$ila$ir...olaylar geli$ir. bu filmde ozellikle seagal, siyah atletli ko$u$u ile efsane olmu$tur.
(bkz: nico)
filmin jenerigindeki steven seagal'in dojo sahneleri makara değildir. birde dikkat edilirse; oradaki bazı aikidocular, filmin içinde (ve hatta bu şahsın başka filmlerinde de) kötü adam rolünde steven seagal'den sopa yemektedirler. aikido teknikleri çok kırıcı olduğundan konunun eğitimini almamış dublorler kullanılamıyor.
steven seagal'ın oynadığı ve tabiki oyunculuk namına pek bir şey göstermediği ama yine de aksiyon açısından doyurucu filmi. aikido çaktırmadan bu filmde başrol oyuncusudur. gel görelim daha filmin açılışındaki aikido dojosunda yapılan çalışma sahnesi baştan aşağı kolpadır. hacım ne o öle, daha ısınma yapmadan kendine bir adam seçip saldır bana falan demek. selam verilir (birde burda alkışlayarak selam veriyolar ama belki böle bir şey vardır diye laf etmiyorum) sonra da ısınma falan yapmadan bizim üstad* kendine birini çağırıp ana avrat döver. yetmez bi kaç kişi daha çağırır, sonra hepsini döver. neyse, film steven seagal'ın herhangi bir filmini seyreden biri için tanıdık geleceğinden başka ayrıntıya gerek yoktur. birde steven seagal'ın karısı rolünü sharon stone üstlenmiştir.
eminem ile royce da 5'9'' düeti. sözleri: the poor stays poor the rich get richer it’s just so disproportionate… (get outta here!) sometimes life seems so unfortunate that’s why i don’t give a shit the poor stay poor, the rich get richer it’s just so disproportionate you don’t know just what i’ve gone through that’s why i would rather show you just how far that i can take it every rule, i’m breakin’ it tear-able, but not rip-able, invincible, i hung invisible fuckin’ mistletoe all over the world, i stuck my ass up under it now pucker up them lips and kiss it hoe here we go, bad and evil so you know how this’ll go the competition’s miserable, we stomp them bitches this is no, joke goin’ overboard like someone threw us off the boat, choke cough from all the smoke, i’m tryna stay on fire so you know if i hate fucking water sprinklers, i don’t love the hose someone let the cat out the bag, now it’s time to stuff his face back in that bitch, smother that little motherfucker ’til it suffocates you had long enough of a wait why are they tryin’ to be so secretive when bad and evil has reunited, hey? came back to annihilate the game’s in dire straights as i await word on satan as i drop fall to my knees before this ouija board and i pray now i lay me down to sleep i do this shit in my sleep, i’m sleepin’ now, imagine if i awake i’m champ bitch, i’ll never taste the canvas could never be no damn wuss or pussy, never mushy, so you can’t squish nowhere near a toosh, in fact if i jump out a bush in a sneak attack’s the only way i say i am-bush outlandish, these words are weapons that are brandish, standoffish to hoes, keep your hands off this can’t top it, so what the fuck would i sugarcoat it for? law? fuck protocol, holla at this hoe, but now my throat is sore baby i’m lawless, you couldn’t burn me if you threw acid on me i’m achu homie, i’m at your home ready to spray you while you nappin’ homie have everything on and around your mattress lookin’ like the word in front of a matrimony you high, thug yeah go ‘head jump, no matter how high you get you gon’ come up short like spud webb my dui’s get waved by saying bye still ridin’ with no l’s like james todd can’t change i thank god for my safe thinking last time i was safe thinking, me and my niggas was doin’ a bank job i stay violent, y’all go the peace route you got a mouth like kanye, i’ll knock your whole bottom row of teeth out no disrespect to mr. west, shit i’m just nice with mine and this just wrap ‘em, i’m like ricky hatton, i just like the line these weak rappers wanna set us up, they never tough they ask me for a hook, i tell ‘em left to right, head or gut what y’all messin’ with is a nigga that’ll leave you fubar fucked up beyond all recognition y’all are rock stars, i’m the opposite i could just throw a rock and hit a star for the fuck of it partner, you’re not hard, i body your hot bars beef is left you pray, right like allahu akbar let’s go, when i leave y’all shot, you ain’t gon’ be on your metro in a bad area that call dropped.
nakaratını söyleyen ablamızın adı claret jai olup kendisi özellikle bu şarkıda harikalar yaratmıştır.
(bkz: doğa kanunu)
eminem'in royce da 5'9 ile kurduğu bad meets evil isimli grubun güzel parçalarından. bu da sözleri; [intro] the poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate [chorus] sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why i don't give a shit. the poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate. you don't know just what i've gone through, that's why i would rather show you just how far that i can take it, every rule, i'm breaking it [eminem] terrible but not rippable, invincible i hung invisible, fucking mistletoe over the world that stuck my ass up under it now pucker up them lips and kiss it hoes here we go bad and evil so you know how this'll go the competition's miserable we stomp them bitches , this is no joke going overboard like someone threw us off the boat choke, apart from all the smoke i'm trying to stay on fire so you know if i hate fucking water sprinklers i don't want a hoes someone left a cat out the bag now it's time to stuff his face bag in that bitch thought of that little motherfucker till it suffocates, who you, handeling the ? tryna be so sick when the bad and evil was reunited hey came back to annihilate the games and dive straight this into this highway, word of satan there's a drop full of ? ouija board and i pray now i lay me down to sleep, i do this shit in my sleep so now imagine if i awake! i'm champ, bitch, i've never tasted cannibus can never be no damn a wuss so pussy never mushy so you can't squish no where near twisted, in fact if i jump out a ? taxi only time you'll hear me say i ambush outlandish, these words are weapons that i brandish stand off, wish the hoes get your hands off, this can't tie bitch so why the fuck would i sugar coat it for? no, fuck protocol, i'd holla at this whore but now my throat is sore [chorus] sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why i don't give a shit. the poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate. you don't know just what i've gone through, that's why i would rather show you just how far that i can take it, every rule, i'm breaking it [royce] baby i'm lawless, you couldn't burn me if you trew acid on me, i'm at your homie, i'm at your home ready to spray you while you nappin' only have everything on and around your matrass looking like a world in front of a matrimony - you high thug yeah, go ahead, jump no matter how high you get, you're gonna come up short like spud webb my dui's get waved like saying bye, still rotten with no one else like james todd can't change eye i thank god for my safe thinking last time i was safethinking me and my niggers was doing a bank job i stay violent y'all going to beach rock, you got a mouth like kanye, i knock your whole bottom row of teeth out no disrespecting mr. west, shit i'm just nice with mine and it's just rap i'm just like ricky hatton, i just like to rhyme these weak rappers wanna set us up, they never tough, they ask me for a hook i tell em left or right head or gut, what you're all messing with, is a nigger that will leave you fubar, fucked up beyond all recognition y'all are rockstars, i'm the opposite, i could just throw a rock and hit a star, for the fuck of it partner you not hard i'll body you hot bars, beef has left you praying right, like "allahu akbar" let's go, when i leave y'all shot you ain't gonna be on your metro, in a bad area they call ? [chorus] sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why i don't give a shit. the poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate. you don't know just what i've gone through, that's why i would rather show you just how far that i can take it, every rule, i'm breaking it
