cream of clapton'da filan da mevcut olan bir eric clapton parcasi. hareketli, guzel.
sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun; after midnight, we're gonna let it all hang out. after midnight, we're gonna chug-a-lug and shout. we're gonna stimulate some action; we're gonna get some satisfaction. we're gonna find out what it is all about. after midnight, we're gonna let it all hang out. after midnight, we're gonna shake your tambourine. after midnight, it's all gonna be peaches and cream. we're gonna cause talk and suspicion; we're gonna give an exhibition. we're gonna find out what it is all about. after midnight, we're gonna let it all hang out. after midnight, we're gonna let it all hang out. after midnight, we're gonna let it all hang out. after midnight, we're gonna let it all hang out. after midnight, we're gonna let it all hang out. after midnight, we're gonna let it all hang out.
ing. gece yarisindan sonra
(bkz: london after midnight)
(bkz: before sunrise)
hem hızlısi hem yavaşı vardır bu şarkının. ikisi de güzeldir.
(bkz: am)
(bkz: living after midnight)
jim ve ken wheat kardeşlerin yönettiği, 1989 yapımı korku filmi.
esasen bir jj cale şarkısıdır. ama cocaine gibi şarkıyı meşhur eden eric clapton olmuştur.
blink182 nin son albümündeki* ikinci klip bu parça için çekilmiş ve 24 aralık 2011 de yayımlanmıştır. klipte akıl hastanesinde yaşanan bir aşk hikayesini göreceksiniz. gayet iyi buyrun: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h86730hjlva
bir blink 182 şarkısıdır, sözleri de şu şekildedir; i can't get my feet up off the edge i kinda like the little rush you get when you're standing close to death like when you're driving me crazy hold on as we crash into the earth a bit of pain will help you suffer when you're hurt, for real cause you were driving me crazy by your lips, your word's a robbery do you grin inside? you're killing me all along we talked of forever i kinda think that we won't get better it's the longest start, but the end's not too far away did you know? i'm here to stay we'll stagger home after midnight sleep arm in arm in the stairwell we'll fall apart on the weekend these nights go on and on and on i can't keep your voice out of my head all i can hear are many echoes of the darkest words you said and it's driving me crazy i can't find the best in all of this but i'm always looking out for you cause you're the one i miss and it's driving me crazy by your lips, your word's a robbery do you grin inside? you're killing me all along we talked of forever i kinda think that we won't get better it's the longest start, but end's not too far away did you know? i'm here to stay we'll stagger home after midnight sleep arm in arm in the stairwell we'll fall apart on the weekend these nights go on and on and on we'll stagger home after midnight sleep arm in arm in the stairwell we'll fall apart on the weekend these nights go on and on and on we'll stagger home after midnight sleep arm in arm in the stairwell we'll fall apart on the weekend these nights go on and on and on we'll stagger home after midnight sleep arm in arm in the stairwell we'll fall apart on the weekend these nights go on and on and on
hızlı versiyonu zamana meydan okuyan eric clapton şarkısı
