aynı adlı, 1983 yapımı bir filmin şarkısı. phil collins'in seslendirdiği özgün yorumunun sadece piyano eşliğinde ve orkestra eşliğinde olmak üzere iki versiyonu vardır.
mariah carey** tarafindan bireysel yorumlarin aksine oldukca ba$arili 1 $ekilde yorumlanmi$* olan harika phil collins $arkisi.
(bkz: come what may)
ing. olma ihtimali düşük.
cover girişimlerine karşı olmamakla beraber itiraf etmeliyim ki bazen yersiz we yetersiz kalmalara yol açabilen bir durumdur... mariah carey örneğide burda önem kazanıyor... phil collins in yorumuyla, özelliklede filmden görüntüler eşliğindeki klibinide dinledikten, izledikten sonra şarkının sahibinde kalması tarafındayım...
başrollerde jeff bridges ve rachel wardın yer aldığı bir taylor hackford filmi. 1947 yapımı noir klasiği out of the past'ın yeniden çevrimidir.
2pacın nas, puffy ve mobb deep dissi. hail mary adlı $arkıda 50 centin alıntığı yaptığı $arkı ayrıca. * one love, one love, one thug one nation, twenty-one gun salute i'm hopin my true motherfuckers know this be the realest shit i ever wrote against all odds, up in the studio, gettin blowed to the truest shit i ever spoke twenty-one gun salute, dressed in fatigue, black jeans and boots disappeared in the crowd, all you seen was troops this little nigga named nas thinks he live like me talkin bout he left the hospital took five like me you living fantasies, nigga i reject your deposit we shook dre punk ass, now we out of the closet mobb deep wonder why nigga blowed them out next time grown folks talk, nigga close your mouth peep me, i take this war shit deeply done seen too many real players fall to let these bitch niggas beat me puffy lets be honest you a punk or you will see me with gloves remember that shit you said to vibe about me bein a thug you can tell the people you roll with whatever you want but you and i know what's going on payback, i knew you bitch niggas from way back witness me strapped with macs, knew i wouldn't play that all you old rappers trying to advance it's all over now, take it like a man niggas lookin like larry holmes, flabby and sick tryin to player hate on my shit, you eat a fat dick let it be known this is how you made me lovin how i got you niggas crazy against all odds hopin my thug motherfuckers know this be the realest shit i ever wrote against all odds, up in the studio, gettin blowed to the truest shit i ever spoke, against all odds hopin my true motherfuckers know this be the realest shit i ever wrote i heard he was light skinned, stocky with a haitian accent jewelery, fast cars and he's known for flashing (what's his name???) listen while i take you back (nigga say his name!) and lace this rap a real live tale about a snitch named haitian jack knew he was workin for the feds, same crime, different trials nigga, picture what he said, and did i mention promised a payback, jimmy henchman, in due time i know you bitch niggas is listenin, the world is mine set me up, wet me up, niggas stuck me up heard the guns bust but you tricks never shut me up touch one of mine on everything i own i'll destroy everything you touch, play the game nigga all out warfare, eye for eye last words to a bitch nigga, "why you lie?!?" now you gotta watch your back, now watch your front here we come, gunshots too tight, now you stuck fuck the rap game, nigga this m-o-b so believe me we enemies, i go against all odds i'm hopin my true motherfuckers know this be the realest shit i ever wrote against all odds, up in the studio, gettin blowed to the truest shit i ever spoke i'm hopin my true motherfuckers know this be the realest shit i ever wrote against all odds puffy gettin robbed like a bitch, to hide the fact he did some shit he shouldn't have did, so we ride em for that and that nigga that was down for me, restin dead switch sides, guess his new friends wanted him dead probably be murdered for the shit that i said i bring the real, be a legend, breathin the dead lord listen to me god don't like ugly, it was written hey nas, your whole damn style is bitten you heard my melody, read about my life in the papers all my run-ins with authorities, felonious capers now you wanna live my life, so what's the answer nas? niggas that don't rhyme right, you've seen too many movies load em up against the wall, close his eyes since you lie you die, goodbye let the real live niggas hear the truth from me what would you do if you was me nigga against all odds i'm hopin my true motherfuckers know this be the realest shit i ever wrote against all odds, up in the studio, gettin blowed to the truest shit i ever spoke *repeat* against all odds (twenty-one gun salute) one love to my true thug niggas (outlaw! outlaw! outlaw!) twenty-one gun salute to my niggas that die in the line of duty representin to the fullest bein soldiers with military minds that play the rules of the game, twenty-one gun salute i salute you my niggas, stay strong i ride for you, i rhyme for you, i roll for you, it's all for you to all you bitch made niggas, i'm comin for you against all odds, i don't care who the fuck you is, nigga you touch me i'm at you i know you motherfuckers think that i forgot hell no i ain't forgot nigga i just remember what you told me you said don't go to war unless i got my money behind me aight, i got my money right here, now i want war
ing. negatif herseye/olasiliga ragmen
(bkz: against all authority)
klibi filminden goruntuler $eklinde olan $arki. yazlik ortamda habire kasintiya suruklenen, bir turlu rahat huzur vermeyen bir a$k hikayesi havasi vardi filmde. klipten anladigim buydu, filmi seyretmedim. zaten bu $arkinin ismine uygundu da. yanli$ hatirlamiyorsam jeff bridges bu filmde ba$tan sona uzun sakallidir. hatunla devamli bir sevi$me kokla$ma hali, egzotik maldivler, hawaii gibisinden ada, deniz, okyanus, mercan resifleri, sahilde hamaklar ortami. o palmiye kuytusu senin, bu bambu golgesi benim, opu$up opu$up dururlardi klipte. boyle killanirdim ben izlerken klibi, ka$indiriyor cillop gibi ablayi gibi gelirdi. neyse.
bir de bunun the postal service cover ı vardır ki süperdir , loop a alınır bin kere dinlense de etkisinden hiç bir şey kaybetmez.
amerikada bir giyim firması adı
the postal service'in mükemmel bir şekilde coverlamış olduğu şarkıdır.
mariah carey feat. west life cover'ı oldukça başarılıdır bu şarkının. süperdir hatta.
(bkz: against all gods)
rachel ward'ın tüm güzelliğini sergilediği, zaten oyunculuğunun en güzel döneminde çektiği, jeff bridges'ın da karizması ve oyunculuğuyla harikalar yarattığı film. müthiş bir araba takip sahnesi vardır ve finaldeki uzun gözyaşı dökme sahnesi çok dokunaklıdır...
sehir efsanesi midir bilmiyorum ama,anlatilana gore phil collinsin kardesi cinayete kurban gider..polis bir turlu katili bulamaz.phil collins kendi parasi ve cabasi sayesinde katili bulur,bi sekilde konserine davet eder.. bu sarkiyi o konserde ilk kez soylemeye karar vermistir..gozlerini kalabaligin icindeki katile diker ve herseyden habersiz katile bu sarkiyi soyler.sarki bittiginde artik spot isik sarkicinin degil katilin ustundedir ve yani basinda onu tutuklamak icin bekleyen polisler vardir.. eger dogru ise, buda boyle bir anisidir sarkicinin.
müziğinden ve kas yapmış jeff bridges'in gömleğinin önünü açıp oradan oraya koşmasına dayanan film. bir de abi ile ablanın meksika'daki inka kalıntılarında tepiştiği sahne vardır ki meksika temalı film birikimime dayanarak söylüyorum; si-ker-ler.
phil collins versiyonunu gitarda calmak isteyenler* icin gelsin: http://www.songsterr.com/…all-odds-bass-tab-s5115t3
ira glass ın this american life ekibinin phil collins ile yaptığı röpörtajda, eşi ile boşanması sonrasında, eşinin çocukların da velayetini alarak gitmesi sonucu yazdığını söylediği şarkıdır.
phil collins'e ait olanının sözleri bir şekilde gitmiş buralardan herhalde, şöyle: how can i just let you walk away, just let you leave without a trace when i stand here taking every breath with you, ooh you're the only one who really knew me at all how can you just walk away from me, when all i can do is watch you leave cos we've shared the laughter and the pain, and even shared the tears you're the only one who really knew me at all so take a look at me now, 'cos there's just an empty space and there's nothing left here to remind me, just the memory of your face take a look at me now, 'cos there's just an empty space and you coming back to me is against all odds and that's what i've got to face i wish i could just make you turn around, turn around and see me cry there's so much i need to say to you, so many reasons why you're the only one who really knew me at all so take a look at me now, 'cos there's just an empty space and there's nothing left here to remind me, just the memory of your face take a look at me now, 'cos there's just an empty space but to wait for you, well that's all i can do and that's what i've got to face take a good look at me now, 'cos i'll still be standing here and you coming back to me is against all odds that's the chance i've got to take, oh, oho just take a look at me now
phil collins'in en sevdiğim şarkılarından birisidir. yıl 1985 iken, phil abimiz saçları hala yerindeyken, önünde piyanosuyla birlikte bu güzel şarkıyı öyle harikulade söylemiştir ki her dinlediğimde bir kere daha dinleyesim geliyor. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oiv_5ket6a
80'lerin en romantik filmlerindendi..
the odd couple değildir.
