1976 kayıtlı curved air albümü.! play list desiree kids to blame broken lady juno touch of tequila moonshine heaven (never seemed so far away) hot and bothered dazed
ing. havada konu$landirilmi$, havada olan/gorev yapan misal 75th airborne ranger regiment denildiginde birligin havadan indirme egitimi icin ozel yeti$mi$ oldugu anla$ilabilir, veya pilot "we are airborne" derse o zaman da pilotun yonettigi aracin yerle temasi kestigi, normal ucu$ konumuna geldigi anla$ilabilir. budur.
nba'de zaman zaman tabir amacıyla kullanılmaktadır.
david gedge'ın bir yayli calgilar dortlusu* eşliğinde söylediği ama sanırım konserlerde hiç seslendirmediği, cinerama'nın torino albümünde kendi köşesinde utangaç bir şekilde bekleyen büyülü şarkı. şarkı, arkasından gelen quick before it melts ile kronolojik olarak yeri karşımış gibi duruyor çünkü airborne bir ayrılık hikayesini anlatırken quick before it melts bir tanışma hikayesi anlatıyor... hoş, başka bir bakış açısıyla quick before it melts'in bir flashback olması da mümkün. bu durumda torino albümünün de bir film olması mümkün. keşke. hayatım boyunca seyrederdim herhalde. sözleri de şöyle: and i was watching you from the observation deck until your plane became a shiny speck and if i wanted to sentimentalise i'd say the planes drew kisses across the sky so now, you're airborne but i could have sworn that you'd be here forever that wasn't so clever the vapour trail's dissipating fast i guess some things aren't made to last and i might be feeling quite morose but now i'm wondering if we ever got close your plane keeps shrinking i stand here thinking just how did i get this far without guessing what you are? you just packed up all your stuff and said that you'd had enough but, really, you just flew away the moment things here got tough and all the problems we had didn't really make you that sad you just never worked out how to take the good with the bad
gi joe serisindeki karakterlerden birisi. peter cullen tarafindan seslendirilmi$tir.
(bkz: aces high)
(bkz: death from above)
89, 90 senelerinde oynadığımı hatırladığım arcade tarzı macintosh oyunu.
bir enerji icecegi markasidir.
pilotun atcye "havalandim, tekerleri yerden kestim" anlaminda bildirdigi bilgi mesaji.
17 ayri bahce otu ve buyusunden yapilmis hayat kurtarici soguk alginligi onleyici. ilkokuldaki ogrencilerinin surekli hasta olmasindan hasta olan bir ilkokul ogretmeni tarafindan bulunmus ve uretilmis bitkisel ilac. simdi airborne in sekerim. http://www.airbornehealth.com/
super-uber vitaminler. direk kutudan: "for use in: airplanes, restaurants, offices, hospitals, schools, health clubs, carpools, theaters, sports arenas" "effervescent health formula" "take at the first sign of a cold symptom or before entering crowded environments."
ing. havada uçan,havadan gelen.
wussy adlı indie grubunun eğlenceli bir şarkısıdır. mp3'ü her yerde bedava dolaşıyor. şu ana kadar sözlerini tam olarak bulamamıştım ama, sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun: you said that you would call me and when you didn't call me i gave you up for dead. i was working on a backbone and chiseling a tombstone when you called me up and said through a wall of heavy breathing you thought it was relieving to be out on your own. how a voice that used to thrill me could cut me up and kill me on the fucking telephone. you did not even send me airborne anyway. why in the world i hung around it's hard to say. it was just another thursday like any other thursday except that we were through. i was digging through the concrete and wading through the scrap heap deciding what belongs to who. and all the treasure from the good days was going through the last phase of yours and yours and mine when something from the yours pile shattered on the floor tile and you went off like frankenstein. you did not even send me airborne anyway. why in the world i hung around it's hard to say. i think it's clear that i adore you i didn't mean to bore you or grind it in so deep i had to place another call didn't think that you would fall in with the company you keep and you tell me that you love me but you don't really love me you remind me every day when you're living in a flood plain it doesn't take a hard rain to wash it all away you did not even send me airborne anyway why in the world i hung around it's hard to say.
(bkz: medal of honor airborne)
house md.'nin en kral bolumlerinden biri, 3. sezon 18. bolum.
sahip olduğum ilk gi joenun ismi, kendisi paraşütcüdür.
2004 çıkışlı amplifier albümünde yer alan bir amplifier parçası.. i'd call it a drastic measure but i'll open up one eye i'm all evolved and fully grown, with three dimensions of my own but hey mr. dog - well i'm just an animal just like you in a laser beam and a human being with more fire than the belly of the sun and inside this business of the gun, well i heard the aero-engines whine of a lucky soul and an afterlife and another chance for a darker life and i pray, cause it don't take god long to bless those feet that you're standing on on a one way ride, a heaven vibe, upon wishes or demands it's time to fly and i'm suffering the absolute of black-handed days been serving with the boys and girls, all the secret rulers of the world and dark day alive, well once again evil on the throne much blacker than the setting sun i'm hung upon dark feathers it's time to fly but i'm hanging in there with intentions so high that they're purer than air and what i've got on my mind is to be cruising on you - to be full-on on you to be swooping on you to be airborne on you to be carried along on a current so strong i'd be glowing from you so go on and prove me wrong
amerikadan çıkma, multi kültürel bir smooth jazz grubudur kendileri
(bkz: airbourne)
victoria knight mcdowell adlı bir ilkokul öğretmeni tarafından formüle edilen, henüz türkiye'de bulunmayan, hastalık belirtileri ortaya çıkmaya başladığında ya da tedbir olarak riskli ortamlara girileceğinde kullanılması ile mucizeler yaratan ilaç.
2012 yapımı bir gerilim filmi. mark hamill'in başrolünde olacağı filmin imdb sayfası için: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1827354/ garip olansa imdb'de de gördüğümüz film afişinin wes craven filmi red eye afişinin tıpkısının aynısı olması. http://www.horror-asylum.com/…-one-sheet-poster.jpg http://www.moviesonline.ca/….jpg?0.8255006089744001
