michael chapman'ın yönettiği, tom cruise ve lea thompson'ın oynadığı 1983 yapımı film.
sahane bir onerepublic sarkisi. dinleyin, dinletin. (ooooooh yeah) all the right friends in all the right places (so yeah, we're going down) they got all the right moves in all the right places (so yeah, we're going down) just paint the picture of a perfect place they got it better than what anyone's told ya they'll be the king of hearts and you're the queen of spades then we'll fight for you like we were your soldiers i know we got it good, but they got it made and the grass is getting greener each day i know things are looking up but soon they'll take us down before anybody's on our way they got all the right friends in all the right places (so yeah, we're going down) they got all the right moves in all the right places (so yeah, we're going down) i said everybody knows, everybody knows where we're going (yeah, we're going down) i said everybody knows, everybody knows where we're going (yeah, we're going down) do you think i'm special, do you think i'm nice? am i bright enough to shine in your spaces? between the noise you hear and the sounds you like are we just sinking in the ocean of faces it can't be possible that rain could fall only when it's over our heads the sun is shining every day, but it's far away over the world, it said, they got, they got all the right friends in all the right places (so yeah, we're going down) they got all the right moves in all the right places (so yeah, we're going down) i said everybody knows, everybody knows where we're going (yeah, we're going down) i said everybody knows, everybody knows where we're going (yeah, we're going down) it don't matter what you see, i know i could never be someone that'll look like you it don't matter what you say, i know i could never fake someone that could sound like you all the right friends in all the right places (so yeah, we're going down) they got all the right moves in all the right places (so yeah, we're going down) all the right friends in all the right places (so yeah, we're going down) they got all the right moves in all the right places (so yeah, we're going down) i said everybody knows, everybody knows where we're going (yeah, we're going down) i said everybody knows, everybody knows where we're going (yeah, we're going down) (yeah, we're going down) (yeah, we're going down) all the right moves, yeah (yeah, we're going down) all the right moves, yeah (yeah, we're going down)
sözleri ve melodisiyle keyif veren, on numara şarkı.
arada biraz n sync tadı versede sabah sabah iyi gelen hoş klipli şarkı.
onerepublic'in doğru düzgün, sözleri güzel olan birkaç şarkısından biri.
oldukça güzel bir klibe sahip, hoş bir onerepublic parçası.
harika bir klibe sahip muhteşem bir şarkı.. bence bad romance ile birlikte 2010'un en güzel şarkısıdır..
aynı zamanda dawson's creek altıncı sezon on ikinci bölümünün adı.
