bir iskoç ninnisi. sir harodl boulton tarafından derlenmiş. sleep, my child, and peace attend thee, all through the night; guardian angels god will send thee, all through the night; soft the drowsy hours are creeping, hill and vale in slumber sleeping, i my loving vigil keeping, all through the night. while the moon her watch is keeping, all through the night; while the weary world is sleeping, all through the night; o'er thy spirit gently stealing, visions of delight revealing, breathes a pure and holy feeling, all through the night. hark, a solemn bell is ringing, clear through the night; you, my love, are heav'nward winging, home through the night. earthly dust from off thee shaken, by good angels art though taken; soul immortal shalt though waken, home through the night.
cyndi lauper sarkisi, tori amos coveri. all through the night i'll be awake and i'll be with you all through the night this precious time when time is new oh, all through the night today knowing that we feel the same without saying we have no past we won't reach back keep with me forward all through the night and once we start the meter clicks and it goes running all through the night until it ends there is no end all through the night stray cat is crying so stray cat sings back all through the night they have forgotten what by day they lack oh under those white street lamps there is a little chance they may see we have no past we won't reach back keep with me forward all through the night and once we start the meter clicks and it goes running all through the night until it ends there is no end oh the sleep in your eyes is enough let me be there let me stay there awhile we have no past we won't reach back keep with me forward all through the night and once we start the meter clicks and it goes running all through the night until it ends there is no end keep with me forward all through the night and once we start the meter clicks and it goes running all through the night until it ends there is no end
gel nazlı yarim, gel kınalı kuzum ekseninde pek neşeli bir admiral freebee şarkısı. ama bi anda bi deliriyo. romans momans lafları ederken bi anda gündüz vakti elleme beni, bütün gece seninim ama diyo. bu ne perhiz soruyoruz tabi? hem kıza sen onu bırak bana gel diyosun, sonra da aman gündüz gelme gece gel diyosun. bi garip yapıyo bu y kromozomu insanı şekerim. * hey sugar baby i'm gonna teach you how to dance hey sugar baby i'm gonna show you about romance and then you will discover that i can be your lover i know you think that i am too hard to handle i know you think some guy can do it better baby that ain't right he ain't ready to fight and i'm ready all through the night i'm ready all through the night all through the night you want to be everything whoever wants who never wants of what you've shown baby that ain't cool i'm your only fool and i can be it all through the night i can be it through the night all through the night but don't bother me in the daytime don't bother me in the daytime hey sugar baby i'm gonna teach you how to dance hey sugar baby i'm gonna show you my romance and then you will discover that i can be your lover you want to be everything whoever wants who never wants of what you've shown baby that ain't right he ain't ready to fight and i'm ready all through the night i'm ready all through the night all through the night.
