ing. butun gece boyunca..
bir cok ingilizce sarkida rastlanabilen, sozu bi yerlere baglamak gerektiginde kullanilabilecek dillere pelesenk olmus bir sarki sozu klisesi
rainbow'un 1979'da cikardigi down to earth albumunun acili$ parcasi. rainbow'da ronnie james dio'nun yoklugunu, graham bonnet'inse varligini ilk defa duydugumuz guzel $arki. you're walking up with your eyes on me it's looking good but i just don't know i need a girl who can keep her head all night long you didn't come just to see the show i guess you know what you want to see the way you smile lets me know i can't go wrong i wanna touch you, wanna feel you i wanna make you mine i wanna love you all night long i wanna be with you all night long i wanna love you all night long i wanna be with you all night long i saw you standing there by the stage your black stockings and your see-through dress you mouth is open but i don't want to hear you say good night you're so yound, but you're over (rated? weight? not sure) i don't care 'cause i like your style don't know about your brain but you look alright (chorus) you're under cover but but your hands are clean you show no class but you lack your own i know i can't stand another night all alone hey girl, would you like some wine? what's you name, are you by yurself? are you the one, what's your sign, can i take you home? (chorus)
lionel richie amcamızın 80'ler klasiği.
brain mcknight ın son albümü olan u turn de,brain mcknight we nelly nin birlikte seslendirdikleri,nabız yükseltici,groove icerikli,kıpır kıpır sarkı...
(bkz: you shook me all night long)
lionel richieye ait olani kemal sunalin ortadirek saban filminde surekli calmaktadir*. ve hatta sozlerini de gireyim ki eksik kalmasin: well my friends the time has come to raise the roof and have some fun throw away the work to be done let the music play on ... everybody sing, everybody dance lose yourself in wild romance we're going to parti', karamu', fiesta, forever come on and sing along we're going to parti', karamu', fiesta, forever come on and sing along all night long (all night), all night (all night) all night long (all night), all night (all night) all night long (all night), all night (all night) all night long (all night), ooh yeah (all night) people dancing all in the street see the rhythm all in their feet life is good, wild and sweet let the music play on ... feel it in your heart and feel it in your soul let the music take control we're going to parti', liming, fiesta, forever come on and sing along we're going to parti', liming, fiesta, forever come on and sing my song all night long (all night), ooh (all night) all night long (all night), yeah (all night) all night long (all night), yeah (all night) all night long (all night), ... (all night) yeah, once you get started you can't sit down come join the fun, it's a merry-go-round everyone's dancing their troubles away come join our party, see how we play! (chant) tom bo li de say de moi ya yeah, jambo jumbo way to parti' o we goin' oh, jambali tom bo li de say de moi ya yeah, jumbo jumbo! oh, o, o, o, yes we're gonna have a party, yeah, ugh all night long (all night), all night (all night) all night long (all night), yeah (all night) all night long (all night), all night (all night) all night long (all night), whoa... we're going to (parti'), oh (karamu'), yeah (fiesta) forever come on and sing along we're going to (parti'), ooh (karamu'), yeah (fiesta) forever come on and sing my song all night long (all night), all night (all night) all night long (all night), all night (all night) all night long (all night), all night (all night) all night long (all night), ugh (all night) all night (all night) all night (all night) all night (all night) all night (all night) all night (all night) all night (all night) all night (all night) all night (all night), ugh everyone you meet (all night) they're jamming in the street (all night) all night long (all night) yeah, i said (all night) everyone you meet (all night) they're jamming in the street (all night) all night long (all night) feel good, feel good (all night) feel good (all night) all night long (all night) yeah (all night) what more can i say (all night) let the music play (all night) all night long (all night)
diana krall'in only trust your heart albumunun leziz parcalarindan.
aynı zamanda 83 çıkışlı mary jane girls parçası.
tamamı katsuya matsumura tarafından yönetilmiş japon kült filmleri beşlisi. serinin ilk filmi sam peckinpah'ın straw dogs filmiyle karşılaştırılacak kadar ses getirmişti. orjinal ismi : ooru naito rongu all night long (1992) all night long 2: atrocity (1995) all night long 3: the final chapter (1996) all night long 4 (2002) all night long: initial o (2003) (bkz: hkflix)
i spit on your grave, last house on the left, cannibal holocaust ve straw dogs gibi filmlerin susam sokağı neşesiyle izlenmesini sağlayacak film serisi.
diana krallın kinin sözleri: never knew the softness of his tender kiss don't know if he's weak or strong all i know is that he's every dream i dream all night long never heard him say a single word of love don't know his fate or his soul cause he only speaks to me in dreams i've dreamed all night long when i sleep he tells me he's in love with me and how much he needs me to be near but at best my dreams is just a fantasy if i touch his hand he'll disappear i don't want a love that's just a memory fate how could you be so warm now i've got to find the man who's haunting me all night long
gençlik arasında o bar senin, bu bar benim bütün gece mekan değiştirerek takılma aktivitesine verilen isim.
"zebaha kadar" gibi bir alternatifi olan cümle
peter murphy love hysteria albümünden. when the night is closing eyes are running wild then i hear you humming all night long the sign i see it tell me am i true all i need from you is all i see this city's paved with cold playboys buying fun seems there is no hunter left without his hunting gun can you feel the light the air is wild open oh you see the light it's coming through it's there in the distance always offered to me always coming over a hill oh your see-saw smile lasts me all night long like a siren's curl when the night is long now come hold my hand no bad vibe hearts hold my hand you know this journey could be long yeah the seasons come in all the nights are woven all the nights we'll see them through ahh no hundred men now would dare cut into us we'll go on and see it through belle, une rose qui a joue son role mon miroir, mon clef d'or mon cheval et mon gant sont les cinq secrets de ma puissance je voulais livrer il vous suffira de mettre ce gant a votre main droite il vous transportera ou vous desirez l'etre when the night has come in your eyes are running wild then i hear you humming all night long yeah the sign i see it yeah the times i see it all i need to know from you is all i see can you feel the light the air is wild, open oh you see the light, it's coming through it's there in the distance always offered to me always coming over a hill yeah the seasons come in all the nights are woven all the nights we'll see them through ahh no hundred men now would dare cut into us we'll go on and see it through
lionel richie'nin bu ada sahip sarkisi 1984 los angeles olimpiyatlari'yla alakalidir bir sekilde. resmi parcasiydi* galiba.
ortadirek $aban filminin soundtrack'ından.
(bkz: sabaha kadar dans)
lionel richie şarkısı. yalnız ortadirek şaban da o kadar çok çalınmıştır ki şarkı ne zaman kulağa gelse kafada "sahilde koşan kemal sunal figürü" belirir.
danimarka'nın 2008 eurovision adayı şarkısı... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcuybvu_boy
debarge'ın rhythm of the night şarkısıyla aynı kaderi paylaşırlar*.
çok güzel bir mary jane girls şarkısı. özellikle girişi ve sonu ayrı bir güzeldir. sözleri: hey, baby would you meet me on the roof tonight i got a surprise for you all (all) night (night) long (long) all (all) night (night) long (long) oh, something’s got me so excited, baby a feeling i’ve been holdin’ back so long you got me shook up, shook down, shook out on your lovin’ and boy, i can’t wait to get started lovin’ you all night long (all night long) i’ve waited for your love to come up to the roof to show you the proof it’s you that i love, i love and now that i can feel you coming closer to me i’m not running boy, may i say i can’t wait to get it on i’m gonna give it to you all (all) night (night) long (long) (i can’t wait to love you, baby) i’m gonna give it to you all (all) night (night) long (long) (ooh...ooh...ooh...) i’m gonna give it to you (i’ve been waiting for you so long, come to me) i’m gonna give it to you (meet me on the rooftop in the night) i’m gonna give it to you (come get my love delight) oh, something’s got me so delighted, baby i see your face in everything i do you got me shook up, shook down, shook out on your lovin’ and boy, there is just no way i’ll ever get over you all night long (all night long) i’ve waited for your love to come up to the roof to show you the proof it’s you that i love, i love up on this rooftop i’ll be waiting for your love, anticipating hurry up and come ‘cause i can’t wait to get it on i’m gonna give it to you all (all) night (night) long (long) (i’m gonna give it to you, give it to you, give it to you, give it to you, give it to you) i’m gonna give it to you all (all) night (night) long (long) (i can’t wait to love you, baby) i’m gonna give it to you all (all) night (night) long (long) (i’m gonna give it to you, give it to you, give it to you, give it to you, give it to you) i’m gonna give it to you all (all) night (night) long (long) (i can’t wait to love you, boy) ooh...ooh... i’m gonna give it to you i’m gonna give it to you climb up on the ladder, don’t stop my love’s waiting when you reach the top i’m gonna give it to you all night long climb up on the ladder, honey what i got is better than money all night long come on up, boy, don’t be late what i got for you won’t wait all night long ooh...ooh... i’m gonna give it to you swee dee dee doo doo ya twee dee dee doo doo ya
orta direk şaban filmine koymak kimin aklına geldiyse ona helal olsun. ilk 3 dakikasıyla en güzel yaz akşamı şarkısıdır, perküsyonlar çılgın atıyor zaten, adam gibi fender rhodes da dayamışlar, horn'lar yerli yerinde, yaylılar tat (tad da olabilir) veriyor. lionel'ı bazı rare groove koleksiyoncuları pek sevmezler, ama müthiş bir şarkı bu.
bir blues standardidir. fender rhodes yerine hammond b3 kullanilirsa piyanist daha iyi ses verir.
lionel richie'ye ait olanına yapılacak güzel bir remix'in çok çok yakışıklı olacağını hissettiğim, hamuru güzel şarkı. hatta beslenir ki bu temasından arkadaşım fırat'a da açtım, di mi biraz bence diye onayladı fikrimi. o derece yani.. ayrıca şuradan da dinlenebiliniyormuş: http://tinyurl.com/d5qu2p
1981 yapımı bir film. gene hackman, barbra streisand, dennis quaid, william daniels oynuyor.
(bkz: all nightmare long)
jason mraz's beautiful mess konser kaydında jason mraz tarafından cover'lanmıştır.
the doors' un roadhouse blues' un da geçen bir söz.
düşündüm de şu ömrümde all night long yaptığım tek şey çay içmek. oo bebeğim çay içmek, all night long, senle ben, çay içmek. hakkaten tüm gece kaynar orada usul usul.
gta vice city fever 105 radyosunda calan bir mary jane girls parcasi. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_xp0exst_4 (bkz: grand theft auto vice city soundtrack)
lionel richie nin eşi az bulunan ses ve yorum gücünü, insanı ateşleyecek en pozitif ritmlerle süslediği, armoni nin tavan yaptığı, geri vokallerin, nefeslilerin taçlandırdığı güzellik.
