mükemmel ötesi bir bic runga şarkısı sözleri: daylight let it stir you let it kiss the sleep out from your eyes feel this weight now lift into the sky on and on and on on and on and on cradle so deeply so sleepy when i close my eyes sprinkle morning all over you and i on and on and on on and on and on sleep tonight drains into a morning let it feel alright it beckons like a warning trace it embrace it see it crashing through this pretty light and yes you know me and how this thing of ours goes on and on and on on and on and on sleep tonight drains into a morning let it feel alright it beckons like a warning sleep tonight drains into a morning let it feel alright it beckons like a warning when we touch the ground we all fall down
against all authority'nin biraz kulturshock biraz authority zero kıvaminda gaz ve oryantal parcasi.
machine head in through the ashes of empires albümünün sağlam parçalarından biri. anticipating, salivating, intoxicating how i've been waiting to gently soak in your dream that's broken caress my hands around your throat when i choke the last gasp of air out of you i'll mesmerize you, hypnotize you paralyze you, my snake eyes blind you my tenderest tickle, my gentlest prickle the back of your neck i stab icicles my sweetest grin will pull you in behind that grin a razor teeth smile under your bed inside your head i am the monster in wait walk, run i'm the fear you've become pray, hope before it's your downfall, and all falls down i patronize you, victimize you my false pretenses endear me to you i'm psychopathic, psychosomatic believe everything you've heard about me ate you alive since you were a child that's when the monster first appeared to you so know my name what is my name? my name is fear and i'm you walk, run i'm the fear you've become pray, hope before it's your downfall, and all falls down with faith i crawl in sadness, i fear what i've become 'cause after all i'm acting, pretend my smile on before the fall the pain washes over hold on, hold on survive survive this walk, run free the fear you've become fight back before it's your downfall, and all falls down
(bkz: all falls down)
onerepublic isimli taze grubun dreaming out loud isimli albümlerinde yer alan süper şarkısı. sağlam bir parça. arkada çalan keman ayrı güzel bir hava katmış şarkıya. "aferin, olmuş" diyoruz kendilerine ve şarkının sözlerine geçiyoruz: step out the door and it feels like rain that's the sound (that's the sound) on your window pane take to the streets but you can't ignore that's the sound (that's the sound) you're waiting for you feel that your will starts crashing down whenever you're will starts crashing down whenver your will starts crashing down that's when you find me. yeah god love your soul and your aching bones take a breath, take a step, maybe down below everyone's the same my fingers to my toes we just can't get a ride but we're on the road if ever your will starts crashing down whenever your will starts crashing down whenever your will starts crashing down that's when you find me. chorus: (yeah) lost til you're found swim til you drown know that we all fall down love til you hate jump til you break know that we all fall down if ever your will starts crashing down whenever your will starts crashing down if ever your will starts crashing down that's when you'll find (find) me lost til you're found swim til you drown know that we all fall down love til you hate jump til you break know that we all fall down all fall down, we all fall down, all fall down we all fall down, all fall down, all fall down lost til you're found swim til you drown know that we all fall down love til you hate jump til you break know that we all fall down
je vais bien ne t'en fais pas filminden karelerle hazırlanmış kliple süper uyum sağlamış one republic parçası. dinlenesidir. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kejcqc7-wke
moonlight'ta kulağıma çalınmış, bu vesileyle onerepublic sempatimi perçinlemiş parçadır. yaylıların hastasıyım evet...
aynı zamanda csi miami sekizinci sezon yirmi dördüncü bölümünün adı.
the sound'un 1982 albümü. çok büyük beklentilerle dinleyip biraz hayalkırıklığı yaşatan bir albüm olmuştu bende. biraz genel sound'larının dışında bir albüm olduğu için böyle gelmişti belki de. ama 1982'ye yakışan bir the sound albümüydü her şeye rağmen. adrian borland'ın olduğu bir proje zaten kendini kanıtlamıştır her zaman. bu albüm de öyle.
dinlendikçe dinlenen onerepublic eseri.
