bir anathema klasigi.(bkz: the silent enigma) i gave you my soul you left me dying (freezing in the cold wind that screams through the silence, in the barren wastes of my heart) within the walls of my mind... alone, the winter serenade fell silent to me
80li yillardan bir heart klasigi de ayni zamanda..
(bkz: yalniz) (bkz: yalnizlik)
ben harper'ın bi şarkısı, güzeldir pek çok.
dinlediginizde ruhunuzun icinizde ezildigini hissedersiniz. kzın sesi o kadar guzeldir ki ona asik olursunuz. o kizin ismi rebecca wilson dir. (bkz: anathema) (bkz: the silent enigma)
this empty room it fills my mind freedom is lease make it fine every single rope has break but in this life you can't turn back i don't want to live, i don't want to live alone as these words are with my tongue i question why they even sound, i have promised but i lied i don't even know myself inside i don't want to be, i don't wanna be here alone today and tomorrow have become one every single thing that has become none ""human nature is a beast"" what i've done the most to show i have the least please don't leave me here, please don't leave me here "don't you leave me alone, alone, alone"
moby'nin bring back my happiness single'inin 10 dakikalik transa geci$ icin yapilmi$ elektronik sanat eseri .
bir de manic street preachers'ın enola-alone'u vardır everything must go albümlerinden. the statue of liberty looks so solemn on the tv..
amorphis in am universum dan cok guzel bir parcasi.
(bkz: alone again)
negative mental energy şarkısı
super bir heart sarkisi: i hear the ticking of the clock i'm lying here the room's pitch dark i wonder where you are tonight no answer on the telephone and the night goes by so very slow oh i hope that it won't end though alone till now i always got by on my own i never really cared until i met you and now it chills me to the bone how do i get you alone how do i get you alone you don't know how long i have wanted to touch your lips and hold you tight you don't know how long i have waited and i was going to tell you tonight but the secret is still my own and my love for you is still unknown alone till now i always got by on my own i never really cared until i met you and now it chills me to the bone how do i get you alone how do i get you alone how do i get you alone how do i get you alone alone, alone
amorphis - am universum'dan bir şarkı. tear dimmed rememberance in a womb of time breath upon me possessed by the passion fate will set you free infertile chased be the precious when flesh is an enemy fair weather man step aside from the way of a better man than you so you fall at his feet he's the one who betrays you it's the servants devotion for the decay stand up there are no flowers on your grave there are no chains there i keep chanting for the forgotten name why you feel so empty and still have everything it's fullfilment i've got more companions when i'm all alone flesh is fetching
edgar allan poe'nun bir şiiri: from childhood's hour i have not been as others were; i have not seen as others saw; i could not bring my passions from a common spring. from the same source i have not taken my sorrow; i could not awaken my heart to joy at the same tone; and all i loved, i loved alone. then- in my childhood, in the dawn of a most stormy life- was drawn from every depth of good and ill the mystery which binds me still: from the torrent, or the fountain, from the red cliff of the mountain, from the sun that round me rolled in its autumn tint of gold, from the lightning in the sky as it passed me flying by, from the thunder and the storm, and the cloud that took the form (when the rest of heaven was blue) of a demon in my view.
(bkz: alone in the dark)
creed feat. maynard from tool/a perfect circle it's been a long day at the bottom of the hill, she died of a broken heart. she told me i was living in the past, drinking from a broken glass. -chorus------------------------------ i'm alone [i never wanna be alone], now i [now i] try to face the cold. i'm alone [i never wanna be alone], now i [now i] try to travel home. ------------------------------------- i walked down to the other end of the day, just to catch those last few waves. i held out my hand and slowly waved goodbye, i turned now my eyes up to the sky. chorus she'll come back to me. [she'll come back to me.] she'll come back to me. [she'll come back to me.] all alone in this mystery. she'll come back to me. i held out my hands into the light and i watched it die, i know that i was part to play. my god, my time to die. never want to spend my life alone. chorus
pearl jam 'in go single'ının b side'ı. wide awake and he shakes in a panic. never woke up alone ever before. had his woman long as he can remember. tries to forget but he can't, he can't. out of bed and he dreams in the shower. she's standing naked and apologizing. reaches for her till his mind becomes blood hot. woken up to be burned burned again. go it alone. you got it so it goes. gonna breathe and i said, "i can't take it any other way." on the streets he's walking wounded. doesn't smile for the child at play. thoughts of suicide and alleviation. anything to get his heart off of the coals. does he fly away or just talk about it? like a seagull born to cry in the wind. own experiences lead to a younger. all-alone you will meet the one who lies in wait. go it alone. you got it so it goes. try to breathe while you can. you can't take it any other way. yeah, yeah. i can help myself don't talk to me. i can help myself don't talk to me. i can help myself. myself. i can help myself don't talk to me. i can help myself don't talk to me. i can help myself don't talk to me. i can help myself. myself. i can help myself don't talk to me. i can help myself. wide awake and he shakes in a panic. never woke up alone ever before. had his woman long as he can remember. tries to forget but he can't... he can't... he can't... he can't... i can help myself don't talk to me.
bir suicidal tendencies şarkısı olarak "alone": i scream at the sky, it's easier than crying i'm shyest hen i'm shouting out loud i feel so alone in a room full of people i'm loudest when i'm in a crowd i'm alone, and nobody hears me can't nobody heal me, won't somebody help me i'm alone, i just need someone to take my hand and pick me up when i'm feeling down someone to take my heart and give it a home someone to help me through the times when i'm down and lonely someone to be with me when i'm alone i'm alone, all alone alone is the way i live, it's not the way i want it but you know you can't give in, alone is the way i feel, it's so hard to understand why i've got to be alone if you took a look at my heart you'd see it i'm trying to be something better if you look at my heart you'd feel it i've got to keep moving on if you look in my heart you'd know it i'm just trying to make my world better if you look in my heart you'd see it i got to do it alone i've been down, i've been down i've been down, down, down so low i've been lost, so lost with no place left to go i've had emotions, emotions that you better hope you never know sometimes it feels like i just can't take no more seems like things just keep getting further out of hand why can't for once things go as i plan how dare you, how dare you tell me that you understand let me tell you straight out, there ain't nobody here that can i'm all alone, i'm so alone, to be alone, just leave me alone if you look in my heart, you'll see it if you look in my heart, you'd feel it if you look in my heart you'd know it i'm not trying to make no one bitter i'm just alone, leave me alone, alone, alone, now leave me i've lived in places that you wouldn't never ever want to be places where for a minute you couldn't ever stand to be i've seen things, i've seen things you'd never want to see so what gives, what gives you the right to be the judge of me i'm all alone, i'm so alone, to be alone, just leave me alone a room full of people, can't nobody hear me, can't nobody help me, i'm alone i just need someone to take my hand and pick me up when i'm feeling down, when i"m down someone to take my heart and give it a home, when i'm down someone to be with me and help me through the times i'm down and lonely, when i'm down someone to be with me when i'm alone i'm alone, all alone alone is the way i live, it's not the way i want it, but i know i can't give in alone is the way i feel, there ain't nothign quite as sad as a person that's alone
(bkz: i alone)
anathema'nin alone'unda gitarla tutturulan ritim adami aglatir.. ezer..
dark tranquillity versiyonunda vokal yapan sahsın anders friden* (bkz: in nflames) oldugu, eski bir parca.
rain fell within'in believe albümünden harika bir parça... i see your face as they carry you away. now you are gone andi am alone. alone, searching for you, will i ever find you? lost, eager to return to thee. fevered and mourning. tell me i'm not dying. i lay in the cold winter rain, shivering and bleeding, i long for peace. see the snow hide my face, am i free from the chase? lost, eager to return to thee. fevered and mourning. tell me i'm not dying. i lay in the cold winter rain, shivering and bleeding, i long for peace. ah, my stealing love oh is all you'd done... alone, searching for you, will i ever find you? and i'll follow every footstep, search through every lead, hoping my next step leads to thee. i will follow every footprint, search through every lead, until my next step leads to thee. my heart will lead me: i will trust my lonely heart. oh my heart deceives me! are we meant to be apart? alone, searching for you. will i ever find you? i see your face as they carry you away. now you are gone and i am alone.
1999 tarihli modern talking albumu. bmg / hansa etiketi ile yayinlandi. icerisinde 17 dakikalik megamix de yer alir.
x files sezon 8 bölümü. kanserden ölmüş fan fiction yazarı x phile leyla harrisona ithaf edilmiştir. tüm x files hayranlarına pek çok gönderme içerir. örneğin mulder ve scully groupiesi ajan leyla harrisonu canlandıran jolie jenkinsin saç kesimi, scullynin ki ile aynıdır.
kısa olmasına rağmen içinde çok şey olan,tüm parça boyunca derin bir sessizliği içinde barındıran, bir meleğin söylediğine inandığım anathema parçası.
alone'lardan ben harper'ın olanının kötü kayıt (özel efekt) bir akustik versiyonu var. ilk başladığında neşet ertaş çalıyor sandım, orjinalinden çok daha güzel, çok daha etkili. perişan eyledi, parça pinçik etti beni.
ben harperın insanı bir şişe viski içmiş hale getiren, hele ki alkollüyken dinlendiğinde direk tepetaklak eden psikopat vokal yaptığı şarkı.
blood sweet & no tears albümünden bir sick of it all şarkısı living in this world that's full of hate i just try to keep to myself people gonna fuck with you anyway they just can't leave you alone giving you advice you don't wanna hear like thier lives are so great all of their lies filled me with anger and hate there's always someone watching every move you make living in this world that's full of fools i just try to keep to myself people always throwing thier opinions at you makes it hard to see things clear just remember that in the end the final decision is up to you all of their lies filled me with anger and hate they had their greed and their dictations i just pretend to live a life in solitude all i wanna be is left alone disappointment was all you got from me all i wanna be is left alone all i wanna be is left alone all i wanna be is left alone
ayrıca bu şarkının of chaos and eternal night'da, vokalde mikael stanne ile kaydedilmiş bir versiyonu daha vardır.
pat methenynin muhteşem şarkısı. gerçekten yalnızlığı tasvir edebilen mükemmel ama kısacık eser. a map of the world albümünden.
küçükken trt'de klibini izleyip,o yaşta olmayan ingilizcemle salak saçma eşlik ettiğim hatta şu an dinlediğim,sevdiğim ve hep seveceğim güzel bir heart şarkısı.
bill evans'ın 1968'te verve tarafından yayınlanmış solo albümü. bir şişe rakı eşliğinde dinlenilmesi şiddetle tavsiye edilir. track listi ise şöyle: 1.here's that rainy day 2. a time for love 3. midnight mood 4. on a clear day (you can see forever) 5. never let me go 6. the two lonely people (aka the man and the woman) 7. here's that rainy day - alternative take 8. a time for love - alternative take 9. midnight mood - alternative take 10. on a clear day (you can see forever) - alternative take 11. never let me go - alternative take 12. medley: all the things you are/midnight mood
(bkz: estranged)
sopor aeternusun voyager the jugglers of jusa albümünde yorumladığı edgar allan poe şiiri...
dinosaur jr in hand it over albumunun bir nevi balladi..8 dakkalik hüzünlü parcha... how can you tell me? i still believe in sometime you don’t have to make it a show or a begining just have to move yourself today alone... alone... alone... alone... next time tell me i still sure need you sometime i’ll go over and over when i’m bare foot can’t believe you’re easy when im alone alone... alone... alone... alone... now won’t you tell me? i still believe in sometime i try it oh so many ways just to get there and you could know its the time alone... alone... alone... alone... why wont you tell me? now enough time is gone by re-tell the story guess i cant take it this time alone... alone... alone... alone...
ben harper dan dinlendiginde akustikken belki de insanin kafasina bisler caktiriveren, lanetin habercisi. (bkz: lanet)
yalnızlığı ve hüznü anlatmak için aslında sözlere ihtiyaç duymayan, melodisiyle dinleyeni zaten yeterince etkileyen, üstüne rebecca wilson'un sesi eklenince insanın iyice içine oturan anathema parçası.
heart grubuna ait olanı, en sevdiğim şarkılar arasındadır. dinlemekten bıkmamın mümkün olamayacağı bir şarkıdır.
arcturus da yorumlamıştır edgar allan poe şiiri olan versiyonunu. gayet da şahane olmuştur. la masquerade infernale albümünde bulunmaktadır.
outrosunda mukemmel bir saksofon solosu bulunan,ilk etkide anlaşılmayacak yoğunluktaki amorphis şaheseri
hayatımda hiç bu kadar çok istememiştim bir şarkıyı söylemeyi. 7/24 dinlnebilecek inanılmaz bir şarkı. akustiği aşmıştır yarmıştır. (bkz: ben harper) (bkz: alone) please don't leave me alone....
ben harperın bu şaheserinde kaç kez alone dediğini bilmiyorum ama her bir alone için farklı tonlamalar kullanarak beni başka alemlere daldırdığı tartışılmaz. günlerdir deniyorum şöyle taaa içimden gelerek bu şarkının yalnızca bir tek alone'unu söyleyebilmeyi, ama imkansız, bu adam tam da bu duyguyu yaşarken söylemiş olmalı bu şarkıyı. yoksa çıkmaz, çıkamaz bi insandan böyle içini acıtan bi haykırış.
bir de alice in chains ve pearl jam in birlikte calip soyledikleri alone yorumu vardir ki alir sizi baska diyarlara goturur...
(bkz: lonely)
nightingale'in muhteşem ötesi albümü the breathing shadow'dan çıkmış belki de albümün en iyi şarkısı. (bkz: the breathing shadow)
muzigine ve ben harper'in yorumuna vuruldugum sarki.e$lik etmesi cok zevklidir, soylerken detone olma kaygısı yasanmıyor bu sarkıda niyeyse.allah ne verdiyse bagira bagira soylemek farzdir.
sekizinci sezon ondokuzuncu bölüm olmakla birlikte, bölüm sonunda inanılmaz güzel bir 'mulder and scully' dialogunu barındırır, hatta ve hatta scully'nin skeptik olmasına da çok neşeli dokundurmalar vardır.. dialogun açılışı da, insanların çok merak ettiği bir sorudur aslında.. --- spoiler --- agent harrison: no way. this means... i can't tell you what this means to me. can i ask you something? mulder: sure. agent harrison: when you went to antarctica, to save agent scully from being taken by that spaceship, and you ran out of gas in your snowcat, how did you get back? scully: um, well first of all it was never... actually proven that it was a spaceship. mulder: it wasn't? scully: well, no, what... mulder: proven? scully: what happened was that we fell off of something that... mulder: something? scully: ...rose out of the ice. mulder: well, what do you think that was? scully: well, i don't know what it was, but we never, we didn't actually see... mulder: was it a spaceship? scully: ...a spaceship. mulder: i can't believe you're saying it's not a spaceship, when you saw it. scully: ah, i mean, it could have been a spaceship. mulder, but you don't... mulder: of course it was a spaceship. scully: look, we don't know that it was, but you don't have a picture of it or anything. mulder: you know it was a spaceship, you saw it! scully: no, i did, no no no no no. remember, i was unconscious. and when i woke up there was no spaceship. mulder: you saw the spaceship. scully: no no no...and you were frozen and i remember i hugged you until you were not frozen any more... --- spoiler ---
zebrahead isimli nadide grubumuzun 2003 çıkışlı mfzb isimli albümünden bir şarkı. sözleri ise şöyle bişiler: i broke down on a japanese street words unsaid they scar so deep bullshit, palanuik both make me choke too much jd too much coke she says speed up i want to go faster she holds on but i outlast her build it up but what does that matter we can build it up but we always watch it shatter get up the house is on fire get up i want to get higher get up you mother fucking liar you make me feel alone i burned out in shibuya station lost all my friends hazard occupation manic compression like quicksand slip ate too many mushrooms i'm gonna be sick she says slow down you're going through the motions i start to crash like a plane in the ocean build it up but what does that matter when the shit goes down we all fucking scatter [repeat chorus] i never said i wanted to try never said i wanted to live this lie all you said was good-bye all i ever said was to get me out of here i focus on the flame set it off wasted what a shame set it off focus on the flame set it off we were once the same [repeat chorus]
sen istediğin kadar "ben böyle iyiyim, süperim. yok kimselere ihtiyacım" diye kendini ve etrafındakileri kandır; ben harper bu şarkısında alır seni karşısına ve anlatır sana ne kadar yalnız olduğunu. öylesine de içten söyler ki şarkı bittiğinde ne kendini kandırcak mecalin kalır ne başkasını. için acır.
anathemaya ait olanın türkçesi aşağı yukarı şöyle olan parça.. sana ruhumu verdim sen beni ölüme terkettin sessizliğin içinden çığlık atan soğuk rüzgarda titriyorum, kalbimdeki işe yaramaz atıkların içinde aklımın duvarları içinde... ... yalnız kış seranatı bana sessiz geliyor..
warmenın beyond abilities albümünden bir şarkı.. albümün en synthsiz parçası... sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun . . . i hear the ticking of the clock i'm lying here, the room's pitch dark i wonder where you are tonight no answer on the telephone and the night goes by so very slow oh, i hope that it won't end though alone till now i always got by on my own i never really cared until i met you and now it chills me to the bone how do i get you alone how do i get you alone you don't know how long i have wanted to touch your lips and hold you tight oh, you don't know how long i have waited and i was going to tell you tonight but the secret is still my own and my love for you is still unknown alone till now i always got by on my own i never really cared until i met you and now it chills me to the bone how do i get you alone how do i get you alone alone... how do i get you alone how do i get you alone alone... alone...
gaz şarkılarla dolu elements of persuasion albümünden james labrie'nin gaz bir şarkısı. don't want to lie to you don't want to cause you pain but it's all i ever do and it's driving me insane so how much deeper will i sink so how much further will i dare to go i've gone so far that i can't think can't take it all away but i want you to know i never meant to hurt you what did i turn into and now... i just have this feeling sorry's lost its meaning and i feel alone... it's not the same tonight and will never be again i was wrong and you were right now i have this mess i'm in i can't continue on my own the guilt i carry now is much to bare for heaven's sake answer your phone can't take the past away but honestly i swear... i never meant to hurt you what did i turn into and now... i just have this feeling sorry's lost its meaning and i feel alone [spoken words/samples] uhh, uhh uhh, uhh uhh, uhh now... i never meant to hurt you what did i turn into and now... i just have this feeling sorry's lost its meaning and now... i never meant to hurt you what did i turn into and now... i just have this feeling sorry's lost its meaning and i feel alone *
(bkz: the gathering) (bkz: home) now you see me getting better i'm right here on this plate and i'll make it a bit heavier by growing all the way did you find it all much easier to stoop to where i was? with your power and your knowledge to leave me here alone alone i'm all alone alone alone i'm all alone now is the time for being humble by holding you down on your knees i suspect you stayed there and crumble rather so then to be all alone alone i'm all alone alone alone i'm all alone do you believe your heart trying it all around to find your heartway back inside? i will be there for you to care and you'll find peace of your mind alone alone i'm all..
forgotten tomb - love's burial ground. track no. 3. once again life is killing me this time i know there's no way back left alone, abandoned without any chance in tomorrow you're gone forever as i try to find a reason for this endlessly wondering why you burned away all i was living for remembrances are all i still own of you as i lie in my bed, drunk, confused flashes of our past passing before my eyes just like dying, endlessly dreaming of you dreaming of forgotten words and smiles trying to push away the need to harm myself i feel is growing deep inside of me i feel i will have to carve this pain upon my skin loneliness arises from the past i will not bear this torment longer as i try to sleep to heal this madness but this bed now seems to be like my tomb now i know it's all too late to save me i keep on dreaming of past years i can't feel that warmth anymore you turned my existence in a terminal disease i know all i once called life ends today as you disappear forever, flying far away all emotions inside of me are dead and gone i can't stand this silence, but now i'm alone i'm alone where have you gone when i needed you? never again
bir everwake şarkısı.
dark tranquillity isimli harika gurubun skydancer albümündeki kapanış şarkısı. bana göre a bolt of blazing goldtan sonraki en iyi şarkısı sözlerini de yazim tam olsun let me die, i cried as the curtain fell and i stared in woe at the world before me my weeping eyes could not bear to tell or the shattered kingdom in ruins before me what became of the lands that were? a pearl in the nest of memories forever gone...departed by the minds of man scavengers, feeding on your mother's blood parasites of life, with my heart i condemn your ignorant ways like the leaves of the high trees i wither and fall, borne by autumnal winds to my funeral hall i'm all alone in the grip of the silent sadness i have been told to honour life and what therein i'll find but if all i see is darkness, let me die and wake up blind as the gleaming blade before me, singing lullabies of loss whispering "death is your redeemer to the paradise you've lost" mankind, evoker of inferno let me burn your honoured crown of creation and dethrone you to ashes for aeons to come why should i stay here where i do not belong? of weakness burns my within...and empty shell i've lost the way to the sanctity i need i'll greet the dawn that brings no life, no frail beams of sun to cleanse the black night my mournful roam has ended i hide in the shadows white binding my time, sheltered from this world which disorderly rhyme with the fury of damnation once i held in my hand the starlight of eden and the white sky lay open in a soul that was free (but the years flew so fast as the shadows were cast and i woke up one morning with no reason to be) i'm all alone in the shade of the nameless sorrow i'm all alone within a shadowfire of fear take me home to whence i came where i'll find light to feed my flame of life or my heart will die without a whisper of hope...
alice in chains ve pearl jamin unplugged yorumunun nefis oldugu creed parcasi.
alice in chains ve pearl jam birlikte icra ettiklerinde enfes olan, üstü üste dinlenilesi şarkıdır. (bkz: sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun) it's been a long day at the bottom of the hill, she died of a broken heart. she told me i was living in the past, drinking from a broken glass. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to face the cold. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to travel home. i walked down to the other end of the day, just to catch those last few waves. i held out my hand and slowly waved goodbye, i turned now my eyes up to the sky. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to face the cold. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to travel home. she'll come back to me (she'll come back to me). she'll come back to me (she'll come back to me). all alone in this misery. she'll come back to me. i held out my hands into the light and i watched it die, i know that i was part to play. my god, my time to die. never want to spend my life alone i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) try to face the cold. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) try to travel home.
ben harper - alone this empty room it fills my mind freedom it leaves me confined every single wall has cracked but in this life you can't turn back i don't want to live, i don't want to live alone alone alone alone as these words are with my tongue i question why they're even sung i have promised but i lied i don't even know myself inside i don't want to be, i don't wanna be here alone alone alone alone today and tomorrow have become one every single thing has become none human nature is a beast what i've done the most to show i have the least please don't leave me here, please don't leave me here don't you leave me alone alone alone alone
akustik versiyonu insanı alıp götüren ben harper eseri. her dinlediğimde, 'insanı ağlatan yağmurlar yağdı'** mısrasını anımsatıyor, nedense.
dremora sarkisi. there's whispers in the dark i can feel my lonely heart beating desperately in need for someone to come rescue me... was bounded by your rules the misery to me untold there's no reason left to give this is no way for me to live... you were the selfish one i know now what must be done there's no choice left can't you see its either you or it is me... i warned you one last time yet you resist and still decline but now that the game is through it is a joke that's now on you... i am alone on my own crying inside i am alone on my own dying inside nothing left to fear the end is here at the break of dawn i will be gone
insan azıcık acır ulan, 'vay bunu dinleyenin hali ne olur' falan der insan... ben harper, nesin sen?
shutter ile dikkatleri çeken parkpoom wongpoom ve banjong pisanthanakun'ın son filmi. shutter'a kıyasla daha sağlam bir kurgusu olsa da dram yönü ağır basmaktadır. yapışık ikizler olan pim ve ploy'un öyküsünü anlatmaktadır. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0484090/
shutter'a göndermeler yapan, aynı ekibin elinden çıkma 2007 tayland yapımı film. imdb kullanıcıları 6.3 puana layık görmüş. --- spoiler --- pim adındaki genç kız yapışık ikizinin ayrılma ameliyatı sonucunda ölmesi üzerine kore'ye yerleşir. annesinin ölümcül bir hastalık yüzünden hastaneye düşmesi nedeniyle sevgilisiyle beraber tekrar vatanı tayland'a döner. eskiden yaşadığı evde tuhaf olaylar olması üzerine anlar ki kardeşi ploy'un ruhu bir şeylere fena şekilde sinirlenmiştir. --- spoiler ---
celine dion'un son albümü taking chances'ta nefis cover'ladığı heart parçası. albümün ingiltere dışındaki ikinci single'ı olarak yayımlanacaktır bu cover.
belki de gelmiş geçmiş en iyi suicidal tendencies parçası. buram buram 90'lar kokar öyle böyle değildir.
2007 yapımı mükemmel bir korku filmi... mutlaka izlenmeli. nefesim kesildi...
2003 çıkışlı elocation albümünden default parçası.. it's late again it didn't seem to be a problem i couldn't see you made that choice that made me want to set you free i see you alone how does it feel you lost me again took the wrong road afraid to be seen you didn't believe me how could i prevent what was so meant to me it's not my fault i knew this all would come to be why did you feel so bad to me i see you alone how does it feel you lost me again took the wrong road afraid to be seen you didn't believe me how at all could you expect to sit and stay after that night there is no way this would not break i see you alone how does it feel you lost me again took the wrong road afraid to be seen you didn't believe me
sakin baslayip 51. saniyeden sonra cosan bir suicidal tendencies sarkisi. o anda ayaginizin altinda eger bir gaz pedali varsa, dikkatli olmaniz onerilir...
efsane bir lasgo parcasidir. ozellikle ian van dahl remix' i daha da dinlenesidir. araba kullanirken dinlenmesi halinde, itina ile trafik canavari olunabilir. 2007 me acimadan damgasini vurmustur. buyrun burdan: all my friends keep telling me that i should leave you for a while so you must show your love to me and tell me what you feel i thought that even you had feelings for me too i know i was wrong and baby when you care, then i will be there by your side and now i stand here alone in the dark without you there's nothing more that i would like than be with you i close my eyes but i can't stop thinking of you and now i stand here alone in the dark without you all my friends keep telling me that i should leave you for a while so you must show your love to me and tell me what you feel i thought that even you had feelings for me too i know i was wrong and baby when you care, then i will be there by your side and now i stand here alone in the dark without you there's nothing more that i would like than be with you i close my eyes but i can't stop thinking of you and now i stand here alone in the dark without you and now i stand here alone in the dark without you
nostradamus albümünden muhteşem bir judas priest parçası. hüzünlü ve karanlık, hatta depresif; ama loopa alınacak kadar harika. edit: sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun. they say we are fools we say look at you long we know we were just a few still say we dont need you we dont want to belong we said all along we just wanna be left alone(x2) think that we must have lost of our way running from the pleas you were wrong chose our cause counted off the days enduring in a rage we got strong we dont want to belong we said all along we just wanna be left alone we dont want to belong we said all along we just wanna be left alone you denied everything thats good reacting as you would with your shame so we turn and left you all behind we dont need your kind your to blame we dont want to belong we said all along we just wanna be left alone(x2) in years to come you hear my name when darkness falls on judgement day they say we are fools we say look at you long we know we were just a few still say we dont need you think that we must have lost of our way running from the pleas you were wrong chose our cause counted off the days enduring in a rage we got strong we dont want to belong we said all along we just wanna be left alone(x4)
2007 tayland yapımı başarılı bir korku filmi.. yönetmenleri; banjong pisanthanakun ve parkpoom wongpoom ikilisi , kendileri shutter 'in de yönetmeni imiş. filmin konusu kısaca şöyle efenim; pim diye çirkin bir hatun var. kocası vee' nin hazırladığı doğum gunu partisinde bir arkadası buna fal bakar ve çok yakında kaybettiğin birşeyi ya da birini geri bulacaksın gibilerinden birşeyler söyler. meğersem bu pim'in yapışık bir ikizi varmış, ama yıllar önce kendi isteğiyle ayrılmışlar ve ikizi ölmüş. onun ölümü nedeniyle hep kendini suçlayan pim hanım kızımız, annesi çok hasta olduğu için kore'den tayland' a gider ve orada ikiziyle ilgili acayip sanrılar görmeye baslar. zavallı koca vee ona yardım etmek için psikolog bir arkadasından yardım ister ama olaylar gelişir de gelişir.. son zamanlarda birbirinin tekrarı bir sürü korku filminden sonra, pek alışık olmadığımız yapışık ikizler konulu bu film bunyenin hoşuna gidiyor tabe.. tavsiye edebilirim galiba..eveet.
sinir bozan ve iç kaldıran hayaleti bir kenara bıraktığımızda, araya giren flashback'lerin de katkısı ile sakin sakin ilerleyen, belirli aralıklarla tırnaklarınızı koltuğunuza geçirten kardeş ziyaretleri ile şenlenen film. son yirmi dakikaya kadar, her ne kadar germe ve bilakis korkutma işini başarı ile yerine getirse de, senaryosu ve klişeleri ile yine mi dedirtiyor. ancak filmin sonuna yaklaştığınızda, pek olasılık vermediğiniz twist' i ile hem şaşırtıyor, hem de hafiften gözleri dolduruyor. pek de klişe bir şey izlemediğinizi de yüzünüze vuruveriyor. shutter, rec ve şimdi de alone. izleyiniz, izlettiriniz.
tartışmasız olarak judas priest in ve dünyanın en iyi şarkılarından biri. akıllara zarar. rob senin sesini, yorumunu yalarım ben.
muhte$em bir soloyla biten trespassers william parcasi. kullanilan gitar tonunun hastasi oldugumu da eklemek isterim.
heart grubuna ait olanı cold case tv dizisinin bir bölümünün kapanışında dinlediğimde beni çocukluğuma götümüştür. ne üzücüdür ki bir günümüzde bir çok genç insan bu şarkıdan bihaberdardır..
anathema versiyonu felaket şekilde diablo 2 müziklerini andırır.
tonkk, haşşşş, tpooaav, ptokk, ttahhhhh... efektleriyle yer yer ürkütmeyi bile becerebilen bir vasat korku filmi faet. nam ı diğer alone. shutter sebebiyle beklenti yukarılarda olunca kalbimin derinlerinde ne kadar korku varsa çıkarıp filme yardım etmeye çalıştım. yetmedi ışığı kapattım, yetmedi kulaklığı taktım, yetmedi komşunun ördeğine gece gece ötsün diye yalvardım, o da yetmedi ekrana ketçap sıktım. bitti mi? bitmedi. filmi yarıda kesip uyudum. kallavi bir kabus gördüm, titreye titreye uyandım, filme devam ettim. bir de ne göreyim? harcanmış bir yapışık ikizler hikayesi, özensiz bir kurgu. kırılmış bir şevk...
green carnation'ın the acoustic verses albümünde de mükemmel bir yorumu bulunan, anlaşılan pek çok metal grubuna ilham vermiş edgar allan poe şiiri.
downface in muhteşeme şarkısı ; it's been a long day at the bottom of the hill, she died of a broken heart. she told me i was living in the past, drinking from a broken glass. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to face the cold. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to travel home. i walked down to the other end of the day, just to catch those last few waves. i held out my hand and slowly waved goodbye, i turned now my eyes up to the sky. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to face the cold. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to travel home. she'll come back to me (she'll come back to me). she'll come back to me (she'll come back to me). all alone in this misery. she'll come back to me. i held out my hands into the light and i watched it die, i know that i was part to blame. my god, my time to die. never want to spend my life alone i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to face the cold. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to travel home. sanıldığı gibi öyle creed le, alice in chains le, tool la veya pearl jam le pek bi alakasi yoktur.
alice in chains&pearl jam'in ya da tool&creed'in hiç coverlamadığı , söz-beste'si downface'e ait olan , 1997'de confidence albümü ile dinleyiciyle buluşan parçadır. sözleri şöyledir ; it's been a long day at the bottom of the hill, she died of a broken heart. she told me i was living in the past, drinking from a broken glass. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to face the cold. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to travel home. i walked down to the other end of the day, just to catch those last few waves. i held out my hand and slowly waved goodbye, i turned now my eyes up to the sky. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to face the cold. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to travel home. she'll come back to me (she'll come back to me). she'll come back to me (she'll come back to me). all alone in this misery. she'll come back to me. i held out my hands into the light and i watched it die, i know that i was part to play. my god, my time to die. never want to spend my life alone i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to face the cold. i'm alone (i never wanna be alone), now i (now i) turn to travel home.
loop şarkılarımdan. sade, duru, nefis. bu vesileyle, buradan ben harper'a seslenmek istiyorum; seni döverim! durduk yerde depresif ediyorlar insanı be...
ıssız adam in ingiltere deki sahne adi.
niye izlemek icin uzun zamandir elimde bekletmisim anlam veremedim. shutter elemanlarinin filmi oldugunu bilsem boyle mi yapardim peeehh. bol bol sicriyorsunuz bu filmde; o acidan gerilimseverlere rahatlikla onerebilirim. sondaki twisti yarim saat kala anlamis bulundum; aslinda cok fazla gerilim seyreden birisi dusunurse n'olabilir sonu diye daha erken de cikarabilir. o acidan twist aramayin; filmin akisina birakin ki twist sizde de twist etkisi yaratabilsin, hedefini bulsun. --- spoiler --- ben de diyorum bu kizin gencligi daha guzel... sozde cirkin olan da sonunda tum cirkinliginin aslinda gozluk oldugunu anlamis; gozlukleri atmis saclari iki yana savurmus; guzellesmis masallah. --- spoiler --- see prang filmini de merak ediyoruz bu durumda; banjong pisanthanakun yazmis / yonetmis onunda bi bolumunu, parkpoom wongpoom da bi diger bolumunu. bi - iki gune izlemeli; o film de iyi cikarsa yeni gerilim yazar(lar)imi / yonetmen(ler)imi bulmus olucam*. edit: evreka! see prang'tan goruyoruz ki banjong pisanthanakun kaliteli bir yazar / yonetmen (#16076943). sevgiler.
2007 yılı mahsulü banjong pisanthanakun ve parkpoom wongpoom tarafından yönetilmiş olan tayland yapımı bir film. korku sinemasının çok sık el attığı konulardan biri olan yapışık ikizler konusunu tercih etmiş taylandlı ikili. dahası için; http://www.otekisinema.com/?p=5133
akustik ya da burn to shine albüm versiyonu farketmez, bu şarkıyı 10 kere üst üste dinlemek insanda derin yaralara yol açar. uyarmadı demeyin. ben harper, müzik seni korusun!
2006 çıkışlı grupla aynı adı taşıyan albümden bir art of dying parçası.. it’s got me on my head again. close can be so misleading. it’s hard enough to get to know yourself. into words i cough my feelings. i don’t know the half of it but, this i finally figured out: i used to think that being alone meant being by myself. now i know, to truly be alone means being without you. ignorance eats for free. there’s more questions than there’s reason. time smiles, forever laughing by. end is prey for the beginning. lost track, forgot who’s losing. a mouth opens up inside. i used to think that being alone meant being by myself. now i know, to truly be alone means being without you. it’s got me on my head again. close can be so misleading. it’s hard enough to get to know yourself. i used to think that being alone meant being by myself. now i know, to truly be alone means being without you. i used to think that being alone meant being by myself. now i know, to truly be alone means being without you.
ilk basımı 2007’de martı yayıncılıktan çıkan lisa gardner romanı. türkçeye tek başına adıyla çevrildi. --- spoiler --- yıllarını hapishanede geçirdikten sonra intikam almak isteyen bir adam; aileye, aşka yer olmayan, gecesiz gündüzsüz bir hayatın içindeki bir keskin nişancı; çocukken bir sapık tarafından kaçırılan, kocası gözlerinin önünde öldürülen, trajedilerin içinde tutunacak dal arayan güzel bir kadın... "bir can kurtarmak için bir can alırsınız... ve bedelini bir ömür boyu ödersiniz..." --- spoiler ---
the gathering olanında girişte ve bitişte bulunan loop 80lerdeki hülya avşar filmlerinde bulunan o rahatsız edici müziği hatırlatıyor. hatta direk film söyleyim; “sevda ateşi”. başrolde avşar kızına ismet özhan eşlik ediyor. ismet özhan, hülya'nın kan davasından dolayı hasımlarından kaçan kocasını canlandırıyor. beraber bir sahil kasabasına yerleşiyorlar, kan davalılar sonra bunların izini buluyor. hülya, bunlardan biri berberde tıraş olurken boğazını kesiyor, hapse düşüyor. ve olaylar gelişiyor... dünya üzerinde de albümü dinleyip bu alakayı kuran başka biri yoktur sanırım.
heart'ın iç burkan şarkısı. klavyeler alıyor götürüyor zaten. pek güzel.
judas priest'in harika bir iş daha çıkardığını görmemiz için öylece orada duran şarkı. winamp'ın "shuffle"ı sağolsun; açıldıktan sonra angel sandım kalsın dedim; iyi ki de demişim. şarkının hızlı mı yavaş mı seyrettiğini anlamıyorsunuz pek zaten. bu şarkıyı judas yapmasa hangi grup yapardı diye düşünüyorum da aklıma net bir grup gelmiyor. rob halford'un nereye çeksen gelen sesi bu parçaya da mis gibi oturmuş. iyi söylüyor yahu bu adam harbiden.
bir yodelice şarkısıdır aynı zamanda. landing in california la and hope in the air and i know you walked away feeling the lights have been hight lightnin' the last page of my life and i know you walked away the more i look around the more you're not beside me now making me a lonesome clown the more i look into the crowd the more i feel alone, alone, alone alone a smile, a hand that i meet kindness and hospitality but i know you walked away baby, baby, baby you're so sweet that i could weep though i know you walked away the more i look around the more you're not beside me now making me the lonesome clown the more i look into the crowd the more i feel alone, alone, alone alone
kristin chenowethin glee dizisinde matthew morrison ile birlikte bir karaoke standında söylediği, muhteşem heart şarkısı...
tutkulu bir platonik aşkı anlatan güzel bir power ballad'dır. takıntının sınırlarında gezinir..
solosu ayrı güzel ve sözleri şu şekilde olan poisonblack parçası: you're the pearl in the trashcan of my life i am the beggar a useless stain in time can't you see how i grieve... what you mean to me? let's grow cold together - alone the rain it beats... ripping flesh down to the bone leaving me hanging onto you i pray to keep the beating of this tired heart long enough, so i can live this through you're my world... the bullet in my gun i am the doubt... black is my sun can't you see how i need you to bury me?
heart grubu tarafindan me$hur edilen alone; aslen billy steinberg ve tom kelly tarafindan yazilmi$ ve ikilinin i-ten adiyla 1983'te cikardiklari taking a cold look albumunde kendisine yer bulmu$tur. derken bir gun tom'un kulagina heart grubunun bir power ballad arayi$i icinde oldugu gelir ve olaylar geli$ir... $imdi ayri ayri abilerin isimlerinin altina yazmaya u$endim, bu ikilinin elinden cikan diger eserlar arasinda like a virgin ve eternal flame sayilabilir.
bullet for my valentine'ın fever* albümünün 6. parçası. albüm içinde bulunan şarkıları sağlamlığa göre sıralamaya kalksak birinciliğe oynar. o derece sağlam şarkı. sözleri; yeah! no more i'm taking this hatred from you you make me feel dead when i'm talking to you you'll take me for granted when i'm not around so burn all your bridges 'cause i'm not going down (down) this time i will be heard i'm not gonna burn it's funny how the table, how the table turns you fake (fake!) god damnation you pray (pray!) for salvation 'cause your heart is made of stone you can die and rot alone i hope you're unhappy and hurting inside i want you to choke when you swallow your pride lay in your coffin and sleep with your sins give me the nails and i'll hammer them in right now this time you won't be heard you are gonna burn it's funny how the table, how the table turns you fake (fake!) god damnation you pray (pray!) for salvation 'cause your heart is made of stone you can die and rot alone (x2) [solo] this time you won't be heard you are gonna burn it's funny how the table, how the table turns you fake (fake!) god damnation you pray (pray!) for salvation 'cause your heart is made of stone you can die and rot alone you fake (fake!) god damnation you pray (pray!) for salvation 'cause your heart is made of stone you can die and rot alone you can die and rot alone just die and rot alone! this time you won't be heard (this time you won't be heard) this time you won't be heard
(bkz: all alone)
insanların alice in chains ve pearl jam'in beraber söylediğini zannettiği bi akustik yorumu vardır. internette de bu şekilde yer alır zaten. bu yorum downface isminde, adı pek duyulmamış bi grunge grubuna aittir. haberiniz olsun sayın sözlükçü..
"all one" ın bir çeşit kaynaşması sonucu türemiş kelime.
2006 çıkışlı solitude aeturnus albümü.
am universum albümünü daha doğrusu herhangi bir albümü tek başına kurtarabilecek kadar güzel bir şarkı. muhteşem..
gecenin bir körü bağıra bağıra soylemek istedim heart sarkısı. yağmurda yağarsa şahane...
alice in chains ve pearl jam'in birlikte söylediği sanılan downface yorumu pek bi güzel, şahane, leziz falan filan; black tadında, kıvamında...
orta seviyede bir taylan korku filmi. içersinde her ne kadar klasik korku filmi ritüellerini barındırsa da, özellikle son bölümü ilgi çekiciydi. yapacak çok önemli bir şeyiniz yoksa, ya da ne bileyim nat geo da, discovery'de falan izlenecek bir şey yoksa izlenebilir. fena değil yaani. imdb deki 6.3 puanına ben de katılıyorum.
amorphis şarkısı. böyle tırnak içinde ''alternatif'' etkili bir şarkıya saksafon solosu koymak (ki o solo nasıl bir solodur öyle) değişik bir kafa gerektirir. seviyorum ben o kafayı. bu arada üzücüdür ki, albümdeki diğer saksafon katkılı şarkılar, alone'un yanına bile yaklaşamaz. maalesef. (bkz: am universum)
all - one. aslında "hepsi bir, hepimiz biriz" demekmiş. yalnızlık duygusu ilüzyonmuş.
crematory'nin pray albümünde bulunan bir şarkı ayrıca. sözleri: rain washes away all tracks, last life signs immersed in the floods the water devouring civilization, humanity eliminated and swallowed by the earth suddenly you hear a scream, suddenly there is a voice so you are not alone there is some hope, there is some faith you are running lonely through this world you see no light, there are no shadows, no one to talk to, nobody here to help you suddenly you hear a scream, suddenly there is a voice so you are not alone there is some hope, there is some faith a scream, a voice, some hope, some faith a scream, a voice, some hope, some faith suddenly you hear a scream, suddenly there is a voice so you are not alone there is some hope, there is some faith a scream, a voice, a hope, some faith so you are not alone you are not alone
vasiyetimdir. cenazemde çalsın bu şarkı. ben harper da uğurlasın beni. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmznbr_gtvy
glee'nin hayatıma kattığı en güzel şarkılardan biridir. bir de o kadar eskilerden kopup gelmiş olmasının da getirdiği mistik bir etkileyiciliği var bende. canlı performansı burada, burada ise adeta zaman makinesine binmiş hissi yaratacak olan klibi...
lisa gardner'in gerilim ve polisiye romanı. bobby dodge isimli soğukkanlı ve sert ama bir o kadar vicdanlı ve değer sahibi, keskin nişancı bir polis memurunun öyküsü anlatılır. karısını rehin alan adamı öldürmesinin etkisinden kurtulamaz. aynı zamanda, öldürdüğü adamın yargıç babası tarafından da tehdit altındadır. bir diğer karakter ise catherina gagnon. küçükken bir sapık tarafından kaçırılıp, 28 gün yer altında hapsedilmiş, onun etkilerini ömrü boyunca taşıyan; hissiz, güzel ve tehlikeli bir kadın. ve bay bosu: kiralık katil. hapiste geçirdiği uzun yılların ardından, yarım kalan amaçlarını gerçekleştirmek için terör estiren bir psikopat.
judas'ın insanın dünyalarını... neyse öyle bi eseri işte... edit: bu entrymi en son kim oyladıysa teşekkür ediyorum. bayadır dinlemiyordum hatırlamış oldum...
anathema'nın son albümü falling deeper'daki versiyonu adeta bir diablo 2 soundtrack olmuş, tristram olmuş. çok da güzel olmuş.
90'ların başında pearl jam elini neye atsa taş gibi gerçi ama, onların arasında b-side olup gitmesine en çok yandığım budur. ten'e, hadi ona olmadı vs.'a çok çok rahat girebilecek, hiç de sırıtmayacak bir şarkı. sırf girişindeki o patlama yeter. offf offf... bu adamlardan bir daha böyle şeyler duyabilecekmiyiz çok merak ediyor, buradan dave abbruzzese'ye de selamlarımı yolluyorum. nerede yaşıyor ve yaşatılıyorsan. http://youtu.be/n3awuvcgmzw
alyssa reid tarafindan yorumlanmis sarki. http://www.youtube.com/…ayer_embedded&v=uep94gnfioi
"cold case" dizisinin dördüncü sezonunda, "lonely hearts" adlı bölümde de çalınmış olan heart klâsiği. öylesi bir bölüme ve buruk finaline de tam uymuş-yakışmıştır.
dark the sunsın in darkness comes beauty albümünden yaran geçiren bir hit. sözleri şu şekilde: they told me lies: there'll be no eden nights and thousand stars will sleep in emptiness i once believed in words of human world but they can not guide me, not anymore when life is gone and all is dead you can not see me one last time where light will fade and time has come this darkness takes the place of life when time has come this light will fade away my thoughts are dark, my dreams will die away there is no light in my shattered life i leave this ground in silence...
alyssa reid tarafından coverlanmış mükemmel heart parçası! alyssa hanım kızımız sarkının ağzına yüzüne sıçmıştır. olmamıştır. buyrun bir de adam gibi versiyonunu dinleyin!
kelly clarkson - stronger albumunde bulunan enfes bir parçadır. when we're driving in your car it's like i'm on my own, yeah i can't ask you how you are you're always on the phone, yeah and when we kiss i feel so empty i really wish you knew what's been on my mind you're gonna miss me, so get ready i'm about to tell you why 'cause when i'm with you i'm alone no matter what you say i hope you know, woah that i'm alone you say you're gonna change but i know you won't, woah oh when you look me in the eye it's like you're far away, yeah some pretty legs go walking by your gaze is wandering, yeah it's such a shame that you don't notice the way that everybody's looking at me get off the train this love is hopeless feeling like i'm gonna sink 'cause when i'm with you i'm alone no matter what you say i hope you know, woah that i'm alone you say you're gonna change but i know you won't, woah oh but here's something you don't know about me when you pushed me out i found something better, you'll see while you were paying no attention to me i found somebody who can treat me right when i'm with him i'm not alone gets better everyday i hope you know, oh i'm not alone and it's never gonna change i hope you know when i'm with you i'm alone no matter what you say i hope you know, woah that i'm alone you say you're gonna change but i know you won't, woah oh i'm not alone (i'm not alone, i'm not alone, i'm not alone, i'm not alone, i'm not alone, i'm not alone) i'm not alone (i'm not alone, i'm not alone, i'm not alone, i'm not alone, i'm not alone, i'm not alone)
the x-files'ın 8. sezon 19. bölümünün adı.
bir adet çanta markası. türk malıdır. adresi: http://www.alonebag.com/ üretilen çantalar estetik açıdan çok memnun edicidir. özellikle sırt çantalarını kim tasarladıysa ellerine sağlık. sırta cuk oturur çantalar. laptop bölümü olan çantaları da güzeldir ve aşırı pahalı değildir. biraz daha dikkat edilmesi gereken hususlar ise, iç astarın kalitesi ile fermuardır. zira çantanın iç bölümlerini ayıran astar çok ince kalmakta, sık sık kullanıyorsanız belli bir zaman sonra yırtılabilmektedir. ikinci sorun ise fermuarların kalitesidir. sık sık fermuarlar rayından çıkmaktadır dostlarım. eğer burayı okuyorsanız, rica ederim şu fermuarların raydan çıkmasını önleyecek bir şeyler yapın. tekrar rayına bazen girer, bazen girmez. bazen de dişlerinden birisi kaybolur, hiç girmez. bu markatı tavsiye ederim herkese. bozulsa dahi çok pahalı olmayan ürünleri, güzel tasarımları mevcuttur.
downface'in olanı, grunge'ın en süper örneklerinden birisidir, sözlük karşılığıdır, "özet geç piç" idir. yıllar yılı alice in chains, pearl jam, creed, tool gibi gruplara atfedilmesi bayağı ayıp olmuş downface'e.
yasmine meddourın seslendirdiği the divide film müziği. sözleri de şöyle: time, pass no shore beneath the haze; the infinite of night arrives. drift away from that land-- the hurt, the blame. alone from the soul, here's my existence; the reason to love, here's my divide. alone from the soul.... frozen, we leave that holding storm over the night (over the night) alone from the soul, here's my existence; the reason to love, here's my divide. alone.... şuradan da dinlenebilir: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1lxdv4stro
bir jmsn şarkısı.
bir heart klasigi. warmen'in de super bir coveri var bu parcaya. bence orijinalinden daha iyi coverlar sinifina sokulabilir. magic piano diye bir uygulama var telefonlar icin. ordan bu sarkiyi da indirip calabiliyorsunuz ki harika otesi!
boşluk kokar. ve gerçekten yorulmanın dinginliğini anlatan şarkılar içinde bulunmak ne denli acı verse de bazal düzeyde, bu notaların kıvrımında yatan hüznün kat be katını ne derece yadsıyabileceğini bilememenin enerjisi büyüyüp büyüyüp saldırganlık ve agresiflik boyutuna varınca içinde, ne yapacağını şaşırıp yine o enerjinin içinde patlamasını, darmaduman hallerin getirdiği duman altı haller bileşiminde yaşamanın acısı, yine yeniden diye diye yok olup gitme isteği o koca boşlukta ve sonrası gelen hissiyatsızlık, boş veriş, ne yapalım bu da böyleymiş kabullenişi belki de insanın elini kolunu bağlayan ve kendine olan saygısını yitirip bir hiçmişçesine gibi hissettiren ve cümlelerinin bile boğuk bir basitlik indirgenmesine yüklenen minimalist tanımlamasına edilen nice nice küfürler akabinde, yine hala boş geliyor. değişmiyor, değişmiyor, değişmeyecek, süreğen halde ilerleyecek bir döngü içerisinde hep aynı ama hep hep aynı noktalarda yok olup gidecek bir avuç toprak hesabı da hani yollar nerede kaldı, yöntem anlayışımıza ne oldu diye bile soramıyorsan kendine, çok ama çok çok yanlış bir zamanda çok yanlış bir dünyadaymış bu nesne. hem çok yanlış hem çok böyle. böyle. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmznbr_gtvy
(bkz: celine dion)
bu sabah dinleyip hoş bir şekilde geçmişe yolculuk yapmama vesile olan mükemmel bir heart şarkısı..
