en karanlik tricky albümü. icinde yarasalar dolastigi söylenir.. pj harvey'le duet'i broken homes da bu albümdedir..
(bkz: hell of a nice fella)
gangster filmlerinin en iyi orneklerinden biri.ismindeki ironi cuk oturmu$.
doro'nun* solo albumlerinden force majeure'in 5. $arkisi... see my soul as desire catch the words as they fall from my lips feel the passion grow higher lick the sweat from my fingertips be my love beware my love is strange be my love beware the time can change see my scars heat the hunter catch the thoughts as they race with the wind hear my heart beat like thunder free yourself let the madness begin be my love beware my love is strange be my love beware the time can change we're angels with dirty faces livin' all alone angels with dirty faces so far from home our dirty minds go on and on our fear of night is long gone we're angels with dirty faces so far from home touch my skin it's on fire light your dreams with the heat of the sun* let your passions expire burn it up tll there's nowhere to run be my love beware my love is strange be my love beware the time can change we're angels with dirty faces livin' all alone angels with dirty faces so far from home our dirty minds go on and on our fear of night is long gone we're angels with dirty faces so far from home so far from home be my love beware my love is strange be my love beware the times have changed we're angels with dirty faces livin' all alone angels with dirty faces so far from home our dirty minds go on and on our fear of night is long gone we're angels with dirty faces so far from home so far from home
(bkz: my angel with broken wings)
james cagney ve humphrey bogart'in basrollerini paylastigi 1938 yapimi pek renkli gangster filmi.
sugababes albumu ve albume adini veren parca.. 1. freak like me 2. blue 3. round round 4. stronger 5. supernatural 6. angels with dirty faces 7. virgin sexy 8. shape 9. just dont need this 10. switch 11. more than a million miles
sham 69'ın 1978 tarihinde yayınlanan single'ı. sözleri şöyledir who's got a dirty face then angels with dirty faces angels from nowhere places kids like me and you running fighting down the street ain't got no money but i don't cry we're the people you don't wanna know we come from places you don't wanna go angels with dirty faces angels from nowhere places kids like me and you i'm never sad but sometimes lonely doing things someones told me we're the people you don't wanna know we come from places you don't wanna go angels with dirty faces angels from nowhere places kids like me and you angels with dirty faces angels from nowhere places kids like me and you i'm a rebel stuck with a label trying to be someone in life we're the people you don't wanna know we come from places you don't wanna go angels with dirty faces angels from nowhere places kid's like me and you
"angels with dirty faces" cümlesinin daha ne kadar güzel söylenebileceğinin cevabını aldığım parça. doro pesch'in en iyi yorumladığı parça diye düşünürüm.
pardon yönetmeni de varmış (bkz: michael curtiz) trt dublajıyla izlemiş olan varsa eyvallah diyen pederi ve bilimum türk işi argoyu bilfiil yabancılık çekmeden izlemiştir.. (ara: dublaj)
tricky'nin ''angels wiht dirty faces'' albümünden bir şarkı. (1998) şarkının asıl adı ''talk to me'' tricky and martina: someone talk to me now energy won't move me oceans, oceans won't soothe me cry me a bayou slime, sleaze pass through you love it when i'm leaving you love it when i'm leaving someone talk to me now (when i lay me down to sleep) energy won't move me (pray the lord my soul to keep) oceans, oceans won't soothe me (if i die before i wake) you love it when i'm leaving (pray the lord my soul to take) you love it when i'm leaving (as i lay me down to sleep) (pray the lord my sould to keep) angels with dirty faces disappear without traces (if i die before i wake) them bones (pray the lord my soul to take) angels with dirty faces (if i die before i wake) disappear without traces (pray the lord my soul to take) love it when i'm leaving (my soul to take) you, you love it when i'm leaving someone talk to me now love it when you're leaving (if i die before i wake) i love it when you're leaving (pray the lord my soul to take) cry me a bayou (as i lay me down to sleep) someone talk to you now (pray the lord my soul to keep) energy won't move me (if i die) oceans, oceans won't soothe me (before i wake) love it when i'm leaving (my soul to take) love it when i'm leaving (my soul to take) cry me a bayou slime, sleaze pass through angels with dirty faces (my soul to take) disappear without traces (before i wake) cry me a bayou and i'm leaving
sugababes'in, klibinde powerpuff girls oldukları şarkısı.
james cagney'nin "what do you hear, what do you say" selamini akillara kazimis gangster filmi
(bkz: angel with the scabbed wings)
sum 41 şarkısıdır aynı zamanda, mükembel! i need this to get me through cant resist, dont want to believe it i know it`s true cant beat it, dont want to try a perfect hell! it`s more to me than you ever will know down here where the rest of us fell waste away nothing left to show while i`m in this perfect hell obsession has begun possessed by destruction how did i get so low believe me no one knows sometimes i can`t hold on and no one can help me now it`s got a hold of me (hold of me) i don`t think i can make it through this now it`s got a hold of me (hold of me) the less i do the more it makes no sense im walking pollution whos drained by delusions on the verge of destruction i cave in to abduction thin blood im bleeding my pulse wont stop racing just as my heart explodes no chance that i could win too hard to not give in i just don`t feel the same cause i`m the one to blame sometimes i can`t hold on and no one can help me now it`s got a hold of me (hold of me) i don`t think i can make it through this now it`s got a hold of me (hold of me) the less i do the more it makes no sense i need this to be myself it feels like i need some help it`s too late to save myself or it`s just in my head now it`s got a hold of me (hold of me) i don`t think i can make it through this now it`s got a hold of me (hold of me) the less i do the more it makes no sense now it`s got a hold of me (hold of me) i don`t think i can make it through this now it`s got a hold of me (hold of me) the less i do the more it makes no sense
james cagney'nin ciddi anlamda döktürdüğü 1938 tarihli gangster-suç draması. cagney, mahalleli çocukların hayran oldukları rocky sullivan rolünde adeta devleşir. new york eleştirmenler birliği en iyi aktör ödülünü alıverir ve ilk oscar adaylığını kapar ama ne var ki akademi ona vermez bu ödülü. bugünden baktığımızda bu rolü bu kadar canlı oynayabilecek sadece jack nicholson vardır herhald diye düşünmeden edemiyorsunuz.
en karanlık ve en güzel tricky albümü kanımca. ilk defa dinleyen insana kesinlikle 'ben hayatımda böyle şey dinlemedim' dedirten yapıt. müzik değil lan bu. başka bi isim bulmak lazım buna. analyze me şarkısında 'martinaaa! benim ollll!!!' diye kendimden geçtiğim albümdür ayrıca. (bkz: martina topley bird)
spoiler içerebilir. scarface'nin yolundan giderek suc alemine gider yapar lakin scarface'nin ahlakcı didaktizmine enfes bir alternatif sunar. scarface in italyanına karşın awdf'in irlandası daha bi "wiseguy" dır. camonte tutuklanma anında polislerin ayagına kapanan bir korkak iken sullivan bunu ismini yok etmek pahasına genc bebelere örnek olmamak için yapar. sert adamların cesareti yerine "tanrı"nın cesaretini seçer. bi nevi şahadet-i kelime işte, ölmeden önce. yiğidi öldür, hakkını yeme. kanunların suçlu yaratmadaki potansiyelini de din adamı naifliğinde verir ki, sucun dogasına inmede i am fugitive from a chain gang'ın klas bir takipçisidir bu yönüyle.
albay'ın vakt-i zamanında james cagney için türkü yakmasına sebeb filmdir bir de, atlamayalım.
