kesinlikle dinlenmesi gereken çok güzel bir paul van dyke şarkısı.
bir gigi d'agostino şarkısı. i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, come and sing my song i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, ...sing...song i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, come and sing my song i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, come and sing my song i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, come and sing my song i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, come and sing my song i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, come and sing my song i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, come and sing my song i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, come and sing my song i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, come and sing my song when i look into your eyes, i feel my soul that flies, around the world (in the sky) now you are in my dreams at night, and i feel it's paradise, inside my world when i look into your eyes, i feel my heart that shines, and light my sky let me stay with you all night, i feel it's paradise it shines my life. don’t you see that, i wanna touch your body, don’t you see that, i'd fly with you, i'd die for you livin' in, another way, oh oh oh, to live it up just another day livin' in, another way don’t stop, don’t stop, don’t stop, move it now livin' in , another way, to live it up every single day living in, another way don’t stop, don’t stop, don’t stop, move it now another way… you’ll never do it, come and sing my song…song… i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, come and sing my song i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, come and sing…song… i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, come and sing my song i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, come and sing my song i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it, come and sing my song i’ll never do it’cause you treate me wrong you’ll never do it… don’t you see that, i wanna touch your body, don’t you see that, i'd fly with you, i'd die for you living in, another way, to live it up just another day living in, another way don’t stop, don’t stop, don’t stop, move it now living in , another way, to live it up every single day living in, another way don’t stop, don’t stop, don’t stop, move it now
(bkz: egymásra nézve)
savatage, the wake of magellan'dan: times were changing eighteen years and fading ain't a lot of time left to be a star on an island all alone and dying walk upon the water but you won't get far dreams and visions tied into decisions saw you on a postcard from the other side hope and glitter never feeling bitter walk upon the water just to be your bride don't tell me now that there is nothing more there is a how just like there is a door and if there's not to be another way you tell me why? why? why ? stay and follow if the words are hollow gotta' go along cause it's all you got each day earn them turn around and burn them think your fitting in but you hope you're not neatly drowning every drink your drowning if you drink enough you'll forget the game each illusion wrapped in absolution live your life in weekends but it's not the same don't tell me now that there is nothing more there is a how just like there is a door and if there's not to be another way you tell me why why? why? why?
güzel bir solo ve vokale sahip savatage parçası defalarca kendini dinletebiliyor
reggae müziğin dişi bob marley'i mo'kalamity ablamızın the wizards ile beraber icra ettiği güzel bir şarkısı: http://youtu.be/cyg7helnuyq
