bir agri kesici olarak any day now : what's got into me can't believe myself must be someone else must be someone else must be... any day now how's about getting out of this place anyway now, got a lotta spare time some of my youth and all of my senses on overdrive any day now how's about getting out of this place anyway now, got a lotta spare time some of my youth and all of my senses on overdrive what's got into me can't believe myself (can't believe) any day now how's about getting out of this place anyway now, got a lotta spare time some of my youth and all of my senses on overdrive dont play coltrane , you'll sleep at the wheel eyes on horizon , don't sleep at the wheel
belirtmeden gecmemek gerek : elbow un debut albumu asleep in the back in ilk single i.
asleep in the back albumunu acan parca.o kadar guzeldir ki butun albumu dinleme istegi uyandirir.
(bkz: and all of my senses on overdrive)
bir ronnie milsap parçası ve 3. sezon niptuck soundtrack'i dir kendisi. any day now i will hear you say 'goodbye, my love' and you'll be on your way then my wild beautiful bird, you will have flown, woah any day now, i'll be all alone, whoa-oa-oa-oa-oa any day now, when your restless eyes meet someone new oh, to my sad surprise then the blue shadows will fall all over town, woah any day now (any day now) love will let me down (any day now), whoa-oa-oa-oa-oa i know i shouldn't want to keep you if you don't want to stay-ay until you're gone forever i'll keep holdin' on for dear life holding you this way begging you to stay any day now, when the clock strikes 'go? you'll call it off and then my tears will flow then my wild beautiful bird, you will have flown, woah any day now (any day now) love will let me down (any day now), 'cause you won't be around then the blue shadows will fall all over town, woah any day now (any day now) love will let me down (any day now), 'cause you won't be around any day now, you won't be around ooo-ooo-oo (any day now) no no no no no no you won't be around (any day now)
elbow a ait olani yagmurlu hava şarkisidir. ıslak ve boş sokaklarda trenckotla yürümeyi gerektirir. (bkz: hayata soundtrack plugini takmak)
sabahin 4unde sokakta 15 dakika yuruyerek trene gitmemi gerektiren sabah 5 vardiyami sevme sebebim parca. yataktan kalkma kismini gecersek , kosa kosa ust bas giyinilir , ipod da any day now ayarlanir ve evden cikilip sabahin korunde in cin top oynarken bagira bagira parcaya eslik ederek tren istasyonuna dogru yurunur.... muhtesem
insanı rahatlatan, huzur veren, dinledikçe ayrı bir mutlu eden bir missy higgins parçası... sözleri de şöyle; how long, how long, how long will we take to come undone? if you know the answer tell me now and i'll write up a calendar for our count down. 'cos what if what we see is all, is all we've got? say you've kept some fire aside to set light to me some surprising night. and say you've locked some fire away to set light to me some surprising day. to me some surprising day, any day now... how come, how come, how come i'm now on a road holding out my thumb? if you know my destination please buy me the fastest car and throw me the keys. 'cos what if what we see is all, is all we've got? say you've kept some fire aside to set light to me some surprising night. and say you've locked some fire away to set light to me some surprising day. 'cos finger by finger we're losing grasp and i'm questioning the reason why nothing beautiful does last... say you've kept some fire aside to set light to me some surprising night. and say you've locked some fire away to set light to me some surprising day, to me some surprising day... any day now.
