basrollerini susan sarandon ve natalie portman'in paylastigi, bir anne-kizin yeni hayat arayisini ve problemlerini konu eden film
rush'in counterparts albumunde gecen lyric'lerden birinin parcasi..
(bkz: double agent)
97 çıkışlı pek süper ataris albümü..(bkz: hey kid) jawbreakerın "boxcar" şarkısını da coverlamışlardır bu albümde..
bir ataris albumu: 1. 1-2-3-4 2. as we speak 3. bite my tongue 4. hey kid! 5. take me back 6. are we there yet? 7. angry nerd rock 8. let it go 9. lately 10. alone in santa cruza 11. make it last 12. sleepy 13. four chord wonder 14. blind and unkind 15. clara 16. myself 17. neilhouse 18. perfectly happy 19. boxcar 20. ray
(bkz: alternatif porno film isimleri)
1999 senesinde çekilmiştir. türkiye'de "buradan çok uzakta" adıyla vizyona girmişti. vasatın altında kalsa da oyuncular için izlemeye değer.
susan ile natalie'nin karşılıklı oyunculuk şovu yaptığı, dünyanın en anlamlı iki kadınını buluşturmuş olan film.
inanılmaz guzel bir safetysuit sarkısı. is this the end of the moment or just a beautiful unfolding of a love that will never be? or maybe be everything that i never thought could happen or ever come to pass and i wonder if maybe maybe i could be all you ever dreamed, cause you are beautiful inside so lovely and i cant see why i’d do anything without you, you are and when i’m not with you i know that it’s true that i’d rather be anywhere but here without you is this a natural feeling or is it just me bleeding all my thoughts and dreams in hope that you will be with me or is this a moment to remember or just a cold day in december? i wonder if maybe maybe i could be all you ever dreamed, cause you are beautiful inside so lovely and i can't see why i’d do anything without you, you are and when i’m not with you i know that it’s true that i’d rather be anywhere but here without you is this the end of the moment or just a beautiful unfolding of a love that will never be for you and me? cause you are you’re beautiful inside you’re so lovely and i can't see why i’d do anything without you, you are and when i’m not with you, i know that it’s true that i’d rather be anywhere but here without you
