ho$ bir tree 6 mafia sarkisi... buda sozleri [chorus: juicy j + lachat] [juicy j] it's my baby mama (yeahknow) i'm on child support she get welfare checks, but i stay in court it's my baby mama (yeahnow) she be ridin' cady and she always lookin' for sugar daddies [lachat] it's my baby daddy (yeahknow) he be always broke and he aint no good nothin', but a joke it's my baby daddy (yeahknow) he just love to have it he be cheatin' on me that's why i can't stand em' [verse 1: juicy j] man this freak has got me stressin' in the court i must confess it playas try to get that checkin' who put hickeys on yo' neckin'? in that jail i can't be stayin' and my g's you can't be takin' child support can burn like torch when you get behind on payment hurr they go you send em' letters then they wanna come and get cha probably shoulda used a jimmy probably shoulda neva' met her why you wanna try and impress me? always lyin' tryna' caress me [lachat] all these so-called ballas want me boy i'm stout you know i'm sexy i'm lachat you see i'm swole got you waitin' at a toll betta' come break me off a fee keep yo' girl on yo' bankrole see me switchin' blowin' out kisses dudes don't know what they be missin' i'm the type of girl you need keep some cookin' in the kitchen bake yo' biscuits up from scratch get chu' sprung off my cat but chu betta take care yo' kids juvenile court is where it's at where it's at? yeanknow? cheese is missin' yean show and that freak you shackin' wit' she too nice i'm mean though [chorus] [verse 2: dj paul] it's dj p and brothas be out we just tryin' to be dawgs but it's ok aint nann hoe gon' stop the way that we walk we kickin' dis off in them dose' and when it's on they gon' run and please believe when we come we gon' come like a nut cum down and dirty in these streets, rough and rugged on these freaks ridin' cady automatic man we got to keep that heat keep that heat for them streets cuz' man these streets be watchin' me memphis, tenn. kick the chains and playas gotta kick the crease the vision 2 juvenile court is where they had yo' boy monthly payments i gotta pay, but i keep comin' short now that i'm payin child support and these courts got me runnin' mayn spendin' nights with these otha freaks house and all my dawgs mayn warrents for yo' boy arrest got me sweatin' from the stress gettin' drunk and high all night bout' to drive me to that white mayn if these boys want me they gon' really have to find me messin' off with these scally wag hoes they so grimey [chorus] [verse 3: lachat] why you playin? boy yo' baby need some shoes, boy yo' baby need some clothes need to try and pay yo' fees, why you out hurr playin' these hoes? aint no more for me and you, but this what they gotta do with the seed we have concieved don't you know he's part of you? i don't wanna hurr yo' mess talk to me bout' givin' checks put a judge up in my business what i want is what i get shoulda knownd it from the jump all that talk was just a front now you payin' for that lyin' see yo' ass in court next month [juicy j] pay you cheese i'll give you quarters i'll just wait for court to order mexico is where you'll find me somewhere round' the fuckin' border hangin' with the finest women, walkin' wit' a gansta limpin' drinkin' on a case of dp, goody green you know we wit' it i done hustled worth a job and broke some back there wasn't no stoppin' you dun did the clubbin' hoppin' and them pills you kept on poppin' now i see why you be freakin' now i know why you be geekin' if you wanna give me reason catch me in that playa season [chorus]
amerika'da 25 nisanda gosterime girecek tina fey ve amy poehler'li komedi filmi.
25 nisan 2008 haftasında elde ettiği 17,4 milyon dolar hasılatla amerika box office listesine birinci sıradan girmiş filmdir. yönetmenliğini michael mccullers yapmış, senaryoyu da kendi yazmış. tina fey ve amy poehler dışında sigourney weaverve steve martin gibi tanıdık isimler de filmde rol almış.
baştan aşağı klişe olmasına rağmen oldukça komik espriler içeren film. özellikle angie ve steve martin'in karakterleri kopartıyo insanı. romantik komedi arayalar izlesin, beğenecekler. 7.5/10
- tom ve jerry gibi iki mukemmel dost olabilirdik - tom ve jerry birbirinden nefret eder - niye ya? cok egleniyolar beraber! - ?
filmde komik diyaloglar geçmektedir.hamile kadın dogurmadan önce; -aah it feels like im shitting a knife
inanilmaz klişe senaryosu "e bu kadarına da insan utanır, yok artık" dedirtse de steve martinin barry karakteri izlettirir desem yeridir: "congratulations, kate. i want to reward you with five minutes of uninterrupted eye contact."
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adfajqqalu4
