(bkz: pink maggot)
deftones'un white pony albümünün uzun intro ve daha da uzun outrolu ama güzel şarkısı..
so run!! right back to school look back i sift through all the cliques runnin' the halls all year makin me sick while everyone's out trying to make the cut (what) and when you think you know me right i switch it up behind the walls smokin' cigarettes and slippin' vodka hop a fence to catch a cab aint no one can stop us give me a break i'm on some other mess what will you act like it's everything you got (chorus) push back the square now that you need her but you don't so there you go cuz back in school we are the leaders of it all so stop that quit all that quit who ruined it you did no grab a notebook and a pen start takin notes on me and everyone whos on the top you think we're on the same page but i know we're not i'll be the man watch your backpacks pens and pencils and just like kieth i'm flippin it while you just keep it simple you just can't go on rockin the clothes coppin the jams cuz' really it's everything that you got (chorus) transpose or stop you life it's what you do transpose or stop you life so run so why don't you run so why don't you right so why don't you run back to school so why don't you run so why don't you run all you are i'm on the next page all you are it's time to close the book up all you are i'm on the next page all you are close the book up now (chorus) -deftonesun white pony albumunun 1. tracki.
(bkz: okula dönüş)
(bkz: pink maggit)
albümün ilk basımlarında olmayan, önceden alan insanları * çıkan diğer basımlarını alanları kıskanmasını sağlayan şarkı. deftones ilk baskısını alan kişilerin şarkıyı official sitelerinden download edebilmesi için yardımcı olmuştur ancak cdde dinlemek de bir başka keyif. (bkz: kuyruk acısı)
1986 yapımı turkiyede video kaset olarak cikan zengin yasli bir adamin diploma almak icin tekrardan okula donusunun anlatildigi pazar sinemasi keyfinde birfilm.
(bkz: rodney dangerfield)
chino morenonun tam keci sakalli halini begenmedigim klip/sarki. biyiklar olmadigi zaman daha bi karizmadin bu guzel sesli kardesimiz.
her dönemin başında olduğu gibi yarın da okula gitmeden önce dinleyeceğimiz hayran olunası deftones parçası; playe basmadan önce, bu şarkıyı acıların kampüsünde (bkz: istanbul üniversitesi avcilar kampüsü) okuyan bütün arkadaşlarıma gönderiyorum..
amerikan tarzi pazarlamada okul arac gereci almak amaciyla alisverise cikanlarin luzumsuz milyon tane daha hede almasiyla patlayan satis rakamlarini aciklayan fenomen.
so you've got everything, oh but nothing's cool they just found your father in the swimming pool and you guess you won't be going back to school anymore (bkz: captain jack) (bkz: billy joel)
uzun bir tatilin ardından pazartesi okul yolunda uykulu gözlere eşlik edecek ilk şarkı.
türk pazarlama dahilerinin sıkça kullandığı bir kalıp. nedense eylül denmez "back to school" dönemi denir. abartıp zeytinyağına bile "back to school'da kampanya çıkacağız" diyenler var, ev hanımları da okula gidiyor.
robert downey jr.'ın genç gotik pozlarını izlemek için başlanıp, bence tarihteki en mükemmel "cameo"lardan biri olan, kurt vonnegut jr.'la karşılaşılan film.
afroman klanının başka bir güzelliği; man my daddy told me, boy when i was your age, i had to walk 13 miles to school i said, oh, is that why you didn't graduate? chorus: talkin' noise with all of my homeboys then we go back to school, yeah (her titties bigger than they were last summer, know what i'm sayin?) with a mouthful of beer and a noseful of weeeeeed you know i been act a fool, yeah mama, (mama), go to the university of smoking marijuana (what?) all of my friends go to usc, so i'm gonna tag along and hit the bong with them walkin' through the masses, lookin' for my classes i can't concentrate on the teacher, surrounded by titties and asses spend a lot of money on some brand new clothes tryin' to impress these brand new hoes laugh every time i have sex with a chick, baby don't know i'm an ex-convict walkin' round the campus with my 'fro and dick every twenty seconds i'll be grabbin' my dick full of alcohol at the football games doin more drugs than my nigga rich james my gpa's droppin' at a very fast rate it would take a miracle for me to graduate maybe i won't, maybe i will stressed out, poppin' pills in my coupe deville chorus how do i party (party) and still pass i hardly (hardly) ever go to class got a golden eagle on my stolen regal if you bought it from me, it's illegal 'cause i'm afroman, the educated crip on a rock cocaine scholarship cook that crack until it's done i use that for my negro college fund broke minorities, sellin' dope to those bitches in sororities she's drinkin' one too many 40's she took her clothes off, now we're havin' orgys baby i don't mean to act rude, but you told me you would never fuck a black dude colt 45 must have got you in the mood, to eat a fat dick like sum soul food chorus hey fellas, can i get jiggy with it? hey check this shit out right here, hey homeboy, don't stress, i got the answers to the test, my college professer smokes a lot of grass, she's gonna make sure we pass, that's how you pass trigonometry, sell dope to your teacher, use niggernometry on the microphone, there's not a rapper bomb as me, and when the police pushin, nobody's calm as me wait a minute, you know what's fucked up black people in college act stuck up so self-concsious, and insecure, you wanna speak back, but you really ain't sure look at me, what do you see? you see the og you ashamed to be so fuck you, you pretty little rich frat boy, you can suck my dick just like that boy chorus i said honey, (honey), you got some sexy looks, you need money (money), to buy your textbooks get it wet, and i can get it hard, we can slide your vaginal credit card computer girl, come to my house and be my tutor girl, before we study, can we smoke a little buddha, girl? raise your shirt, lick the nipples on your hooters, girl open up your legs, baby your the girl stick out your tongue and let me shoot it, girl you was playin with my floppy, then my hard drive downloaded, down your thoat, and fuckin exploded tell your prejudice dad and mom, to email their comments to suck my dick.com afro's the bomb, blowin' up like vietnam
hizli tuketim sektoru olarak yine agzimiza sicmis donemdir. sanirsiniz okullar acilmiyor, somaliye yardim cagrisi yapiliyor. vay arkadas ya hepimiz okuduk, yeni nesil mi aç anlamadim ki..
aynı zamanda the middle ikinci sezon birinci bölümünün adı.
