bon jovinin "your love is like bad medicine bad medicine is what i need...." $eklinde sozlere sahip olan, ortaokulda deli gibi dinledigimiz harika $arkisi..
(bkz: aci recete)
basrolunu steve guttenberg in oynadigi (bkz: polis akademisi) bir komedi filmi.
i ain't got a fever got a permanent disease it'll take more than a doctor to prescribe a remedy i got lots of money but it isn't what i need gonna take more than a shot to get this poison out of me i got all the symptoms count 'em 1,2,3 first i need that's what you get for falling in love then you bleed you get a little but it's never enough on your knees that's what you get for falling in love and now this boy's addicted cause your kiss is the drug your love is like bad madicine bad medicine is what i need shake it up, just like bad madicine there ain't no doctor that can cure my disease bad, bad medicine bad, bad medicine i don't need no needle to be diving me a thrill and i don't need no anesthesia or a nurse to bring a pill i got a dirty down addition it doesn't leave a track i got a jone for your affection like a money on my back there ain't no paramedic gonna save this heart attack when you need that's what you get for falling in love then you bleed you get a little but it's never enough on your knees that's what you get for falling in love now i'm addicted and your kiss is the drug your love is like bad madicine bad medicine is what i need shake it up, just like bad madicine so let's play doctor, baby cure my disease bad, bad medicine bad, bad medicine i need a respirator cause i'm running out of breath you're an all night generator wrapped is stockings and a dress when you find your medicine you take what you can get cause if there's something better baby well thay haven't found it yet your love is like bad madicine bad medicine is what i need shake it up, just like bad madicine there ain't no doctor that can cure my disease your love is like bad madicine bad medicine is what i need shake it up, just like bad madicine your love's the potion that can cure my disease bad, bad medicine bad, bad medicine
jay and silent bob strike back filminde shannon elizabeth kapıdan girdiğinde jay'in kafasında çalan şarkı. çok komik bir sahnedir, o ayrı..
glam rock/hard rock'in kurallarini koyabilecek kadar iyi bir sarkidir
klibin başındaki şişko adamın milleti gaza getirmesinin ardından parça girer. gazdır. hoştur.
(bkz: bad religion)*
new jersey albümündeki temposu, sözleri, dönemi her şeyiyle şükela insan jon bon jovi'nin dillere pelesenk şarkısı...
klibinde richie sambora'nın gitarını çevirdiği anda bad medicine yazısı göze çarpardı.
robert sheckley'in bir romani.
(bkz: miracle drug)
efsane "the cult" şarkısı. it's funny how people stare when your back's against the wall it's funny how people stare when your back's against the wall i reach my hand i reach my hand for that bad medicine the crowds are full of heroes propping up the mark with their empty goals it's starting and it's raining and the porno burns my eyes wipe away the tear with the skin from my hide don't you give into that bad medicine keep on smiling it's funny how people stare when your back's against the wall oh, it's funny how people stare when your back's against the wall i've heard about this new world you're building but will there be room for me? it's starting and it's raining and the porno burns my eyes wipe away the tear with the skin from my hide reach out for that bad medicine ooh, feel your skin burn feel your soul turn don't you give into don't you give into that bad medicine bad medicine smile, it may take a while but it's better than being nailed to the floor spit in their face if they stare while you're down don't reach out for that bad medicine don't reach out for that bad medicine try smiling or smile or smile bad medicine get hold of bad medicine get hold of you wipe away the tears with the skin from my hide wipe away the tears with the skin from my hide it's funny how people stare when your back's against the wall it's funny how people stare when your back's against the wall i reach out my hand i reach out my hand for that bad medicine don't you give into don't you give into that bad medicine that bad medicine mmmm, bad medicine mmmm, bad medicine
'88 çıkışlı new jersey albümünde, jbj, sambora, child'ın yazdığı, benim pek sevdiğim ve bi' saattir mırıldandığım bon jovi parçası. hayır, mırıldanılmıyor da meret. hard rock ne güzel bir şeydi'nin iyi örneklerinden. "there ain't no paramedic gonna save this heart attack when you need that's what you get for falling in love then you bleed you get a little but it's never enough on your knees that's what you get for falling in love now i'm addicted and your kiss is the drug" ne güzelsin sen ya! "your love is like bad medicine bad medicine is what i need!"
bon jovi'nin şüphesiz ki en güzel şarkısıdır. dinlerken kopartabilir bu dünyadan.
