eminemin gercek rap yapmaya calıstıgı parcalarından biri. people say that i'm a bad influence i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin to it they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol c'mon do as i do, go ahead get mad and do it bırakın su adamı rap ini yapsın pasa pasa. herkes yok yere bok atıyo yaw.
bayaa eski bi grup. galiba bi üyeleri türkmüş.. http://www.badinfluence.de/
eminem'in ilk dinlediğim şarkısı. end of days soundtrack'de mevcut.
william sutcliffe'in en son cikan kitabinin ismidir ayni zamanda.
curtis hanson filminde, james spader'nı sıkıcı hayatına giren eski ark.ı rob lowe onun hayatını bayağı renklendirir, tabii buna dur deme zamanı gelince, olay öyle kolay olmaz
robert cray tarafından yazılmış eric clapton'un august albümüne de aldığı parça
eminemin son kayıtları arasında yeralan başarılı bir calisması. kullanılan samplelarda tanıdık seyler yakalamakta mumkun. calismanın ortalarına dogru yumusak bir ahenk seziliyor. ayrica 2001 yılında yayınlanan best of albumundede yer almıstır. sözlerinin tamamı aşşagidaki gibidir. [chorus one] {just pull the plug!} people say that i'm a bad influence i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin to it they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!} c'mon do as i do, go ahead get mad and do it {just pull the plug!} people say that i'm a bad influence i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin to it they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!} c'mon do as i do, go ahead get mad and do it {just let it gooo!} [eminem] hand me an .8, beam me up and land me in space i'ma sit on top of the world {i'm here} and shit on brandy and mase i'm more than ill i'm scarier than a white journalist in a room with lauryn hill {ahh!} human horror film but with a lot funnier plot, and people that feel me cause i'ma still be madd rapper, whether i got money or not {yup} as long as i'm on pills, and i got plenty of pot i'll be in a canoe paddlin, makin fun of your yacht but i would like an award for the best rapper to get one mic in the source and a wardrobe i can afford otherwise i might get sent up back-strike in a ford and you wonder what the fuck i need more vicadin for everybody's pissin' me off; even the no limit tank looks like a middle finger sideways flippin me off no shit i'm a great danger to my health why else would i kill you then jump in the grave and bury myself? [chorus two] {just pull the plug!} people say that i'm a bad influence i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin to it they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!} c'mon do as i do, go ahead get mad and do it {just let it gooo!} people say that i'm a bad influence i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin to it they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!} c'mon do as i do, go ahead get mad and do it {just do it!} [eminem] i'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless, patrollin corners looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters i'm meaner in action than roscoe beatin james todd sr. across the back with vacuum cleaner attachments {ow! ow! ow!} i grew up in a wild hood, as a hazardous youth with a fucked up childhood, that i used as an excuse and ain't shit changed, i kept the same mindstate since the third time that i failed 9th grade you probably think that i'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it i don't promote violence, i just encourage it {c'mon} i laugh at the sight of death as i fall down a cement flight of steps {ahhhhhhhh!} and land inside a bed of spider webs so throw caution to the wind; you and a friend can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again shit, why not, blow your brain out, i'm blowin mine out fuck it, you only live once, you might as well die now! [chorus three] {just let it gooo!} people say that i'm a bad influence i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin to it they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!} c'mon do as i do, go ahead get mad and do it {just pull the plug!} people say that i'm a bad influence i say the world's already fucked, i'm just addin to it they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!} c'mon do as i do, go ahead get mad and do it {just do it!} [eminem] my laser disc gon' make you take a razor to your wrist make you satanistic, make you take the pistol to your face and place the clip and cock it back and let it go until your brains are rippin out your skull so bad to sew you back would be a waste of stitches i'm not a "role model," i don't wanna babysit kids i got one little girl, and hailey jade is shady's business and shady's just an alias i made to make you pissed off where the fuck were you when gil was paid to make me dishwash? i make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got you made me get a bigger attitude than eighty kim scott's and she almost got the same fate that grady's bitch got i knew that "just the two of us" would make you hate me this much and "just the two of us," that ain't got shit to do with us and our personal life, it's just words on a mic so you can call me a punk, a pervert or a chauvinist pig but the funny shit is that i still go with the bitch!
robert cray şarkısıdır kendisi. yaz vakti akşam üstü ağaçlı uzun bir yolda dinlenirse azami haz alınılır. bir de yan koltukta sevgili varsa yenmez tadından o iki dakika kırkiki saniyenin.
pink'in funhouse'unun en hareketli şarkılarından biri. * alright sir sure i'll have another one it's early three olives, shake it up, i like it dirty (dirty) tequila for my friend it makes her flirty (flirty) trust me i'm the instigator of underwear showing up here and there uh oh (oh no) i'm always on a mission from the get-go (get-go) so what if it's only 1 o'clock in the afternoon it's never too soon to send out all the invatations to the last night (of your life) lordy, lordy, lordy! i can't help it i like to party, it's genetic! it's electrifying, wind me up and watch me go where she stops, nobody knows a good excuse to be a bad influence on you and you (x15) alright ma'am (ma'am) calm down i know your son said he was in my house (my house) he was the captain of the football team but i turned him out he wasn't the first and he won't be the last, to tone it down this happens all the time i'm a story to tell the alibi they wanna go home i asked them (why) it's daylight (not night) they might need a break from all the real life (get a life) it gets to be too much sometimes it's never too late to send out all the invitations to the last night of (your life) lordy, lordy, lordy! i can't help i like to party it's genetic! it's electrifying, wind me up and watch me go where she stops, nobody knows a good excuse to be a bad influence on you and you (x15) i'm off to see the doctor i hope she has a cure i hope she makes me better what does that even mean? (we don't know!) lordy, lordy, lordy! i can't help it i like to party it's genetic! it's electrifying, wind me up and watch me go where she stops, nobody knows a good excuse to be a bad influence on you lordy, lordy, lordy! i can't help it i like to party it's genetic! it's electrifying, wind me up and watch me go where she stops, nobody knows a good excuse to be a bad influence on you lordy, lordy, lordy! i can't help it, i like to party, it's genetic! it's electrifying, wind me up and watch me go where she stops, nobody knows a good excuse to be a bad influence on you and you (x15) i'm a good excuse (good excuse) to be a bad influence on you and you and you you're too tired you're not too tired!
pinkin fun house adlı muhteşem albümündeki muhteşem parçalardan biri. tek kelimeyle muhteşem, eğer bir gün pink efsaneler arasında yerini alırsa sembol şarkı olmaya aday ayarda.
(bkz: güne iyi başlatan şarkılar)**
kullanım şekli: iş yerinde çalışırken temponuzu hızlandırmanız gerektiğinde bu şarkıyı 'tekrar'a alınız* ve performansınızı izleyiniz.
vw polo reklaminda duya duya bilinc altimin derinliklerinde yer eden daha sonra dun tamamini dinlememle butun gun beynimin arka planinda calan hareketli guzel pink sarkisi.
güneşli günlerde dinlenince tadı ayrı olan, şükela bir yaz şarkısıdır benim için. pink'in en iyi işlerinden biridir, kendisini ilk defa dans ederken görmemi de sağlamıştır ayrıca.
