eski çağlarda savaş öncesi ya da savaş sırasında, liderin askerlerini gaza getirmek için ıkınarak gürlemesi ayrıca (bkz: warlords battlecry)
saxon'nın "rock the nations" albümünde yer alan fevkalade güzel parçası. battle cry can you hear the sound the sound of distant voices floating gently 'cross the glen can you see the people the people gathered round they're worshipping their king they came to hear the story they came to sing the song there's talk of a rebellion the highlands are aflame from the mountains to the sea a prince has come to scotland to claim his rightful throne the seeds of war are sown they came to hear the story they came to sing the song let me hear, let me hear let me hear your battlecry let me hear, let me hear let me hear your battlecry an army marches northwards to meet the fearless clansmen for england and st george the red coats face the tartan the battle lines are drawn the musket and the sword many men have fallen the prince has had his day culloden was the name their battlecry can still be heard to this very day floating gently 'cross the glen
diablo 2 de barbarian kardesimizin sahip oldugu bir skill.
warcry ile aynı anlama gelen kelime grubu.
diablo 2'de barbarian karakterinin cevresindeki dusmanların atak ve defans kabiliyetini azaltmasına yarayan warcry.. etkisi 1. level'da 12, 20.level'da 57.6 saniye surer.. en az skill point harcanması gereken skillerden biridir..
(bkz: battle cry of freedom)
nujabes isimli hip-hop, trip-hop grubunun samurai champloo için üretmiş olduğu intronun adıdır. sözlerini de affınıza sığınarak copy paste yapayım dedim. sharp like an edge of a samurai sword the mental blade cut through flesh and bone though my mind's at peace, the world out of order missing the inner heat, life gets colder oh yes, i have to find my path no less, walk on earth, water, and fire the elements compose a magnum opus my modus is operandi is amalgam steel packed tight in microchip on my arm a sign of all-pro the ultimate reward is honor, not awards at odds with the times in wars with no lords a freelancer, a battle cry of a hawk make a dove fly and a tear dry wonder why a lone wolf don't run with a klan only trust your instincts and be one with the plan some days, some nights some live, some die in the way of the samurai some fight, some bleed sun up to sun down the sons of a battlecry some days, some nights some live, some die in the way of the samurai some fight, some bleed sun up to sun down the sons of a battlecry look, just the air around him an aura surrounding the heir apparent he might be a peasant but shine like grand royalty he to the people and land, loyalty we witness above all to hear this, sea sickness in the ocean of wickedness set sail to the sun set no second guessing far east style with the spirit of wild west the "quote-unquote" code stands the test of time for the chosen ones to find the best of noble minds that ever graced the face of a hemisphere with no fear, fly over the blue yonder where the sky meets the sea and eye meets no eye and boy meets world and became a man to serve the world to save the day, the night, and the girl too
battle cry esasında "ağlamak"tır. "engage the enemy bratha's" veya "savulun bre düşmanlar" gibi cesaret verici amacı olan "battle shout" veya "battle motto"lardan çok ayrıdır. battle cry ve war cry'ın barbarlarla özdeştirilmesi anormal gözükmemelidir. battle cry'larda sadece hönkürmezsiniz. gözlerinizden yaş da gelir. bir tür cinnet gibidir. rakibinize karşı olan hiddetiniz içinizde karşı konulamaz bir öfkeye neden olur ve patlarsınız. bu patlama sonucunda çıkardığınız böğürtü ve gözyaşları "battle cry" diye adlandırılır. ancak diablo'ya neyin özenip battle cry'cılık oynamaya gerek yok. bu dönemde battle cry yapanlara iyi gözle bakılmıyor. "ağlak oğlan", "zırlak velet" şeklinde karşılanabilirsiniz. kurtlar vadisi tripleri çekmenizi tavsiye ederim. hem daha modern gözükürsünüz. (içinde ironi mi saklı nedir...)
samurai champloo'nun açılış parçası, metal ağırlıklı müzik dinlememe rağmen beni kendine hasta eder; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yu1zt1kjbpk
triumph'ın never surrender albümünde bulunan bir parça. sözleri şu şekildedir: i'd like to re-write history books for all time the future, the past search for the rhyme the search goes on for truth in everyone numbers on the wall counting sad young faces, count them all the thrill of the fight killing's such a noble deed and john said love is all we need should we forget or pause a moment to regret where have we been i see things i wish i'd never seen battle cry brave men never fear battle cry never shed a tear battle cry all good soldiers hear the battle cry so many, many miles from home oh lord have mercy on my soul i think the loneliest man in the - - world is a soldier yes i know, try to believe political renaissance we need it's the will of god that we must heed the image fades to blacks and blues and subtle grey it's modern song the cry goes on and on
muhteşem ötesi bir opera ix parçası. 2004 çıkışlı anphisbena albümünde yer alır.
