1980'lerin breakdance filmi serileri arasında belki de en iyisi, 84 yapımı, zamanında iyi de hasılat yapmıştır. film, graffiti konusunda uzmanlaşmış, dakkada 2-3 treni birden renk cümbüşüne sokan, bu yüzden devamlı polis tarafından enselenen latin bir genç *, ny roxy'de çıkmak için azimle çalışan başarılı bir ve genç bir dj, dj'in kardeşi olan sevimli brekdansçı çocuk, arkadaşları ile genç ve güzel bir kareograf kızın öyküsü. en son 7-8 sene evvel trt'de çok ters bi saatte yayınlanmıştı, ancak ortasından seyretmeye başlamıştım, ama amazon'da videosunu bulabilirsiniz. ayrıca filmin soundtrack'ininde bayağı bir güzel olduğunu söyleyeyim. bu arada bir sürü ünlü oldskool rap ve breakdance gruplarını da bu filmde izleyebilirsiniz. treacherous three, donald d,us girls, rock steady crew, dynamic rockers, melle mel, nyc breakers gibi... 80'lerin dejenere olmamış yaşam stilini, duruluğunu, sadeliğini yaşarım hep izlerken. edit: filmin sponsoru puma.
armand van helden'in hayatını değiştiren filmmiş aynı zamanda, takdir ettim kendisini.
bu filmde luis karakterini oynayan şahsiyet büyüyünce empire isimli filmi yazıp yönetmiştir.
grandmaster melle mel and the furious five hit'i. 84 senesinden filmin soundtrack'inin en bilinen parçası, muhteşem bir scratch resitali. sözleri: beat street breakdown beat street the king of the beat they see ya rockin' that beat from across the street beat street is a lesson too, because you can't let the streets beat you well a picture can express a thousand words to describe all the beauty of life you give and if the whole world was yours to do over i know you'd paint a better place to live where the colors would swirl and the boys and girls can grow in peace and harmony and where murals stand on walls so grand as far as the eye are able to see i never knew art 'til i saw your face and there'll never be one to take your place cause each & everytime you touch the spay paint can michelangleo's soul control's your hand then serenades of blue and red and the beauty of the rainbow fills your head crescendo colors play in tune man why o'why'd you have to die so soon ashes to ashes and dust to dust where the good die young is all thy must cause as life must live death must die and the tears shall fall from the livin' eye the tear drops fall for the state of mind of the beautiful lady that you left behind in love and alone but now you're dead and she still can't get you out of her head more tears fall for all you've done tryin' to be a good father to your only son but now who's gonna make sure that he's fed put a shirt on his back and a roof over head tell me who's gonna dream the impossible dream of the beautiful cities and the islands genes (?) when your works of art brought into being all that the ghetto stopped you from seein' bums on the side walk, garbage in the street, abandon buildings, bricks and concrete the ladies on the corner sellin' that body and everybody wants a part in that party i'm hangin' out tough, rockin' late at night, runnin' wild in the town of the neon light you either play some ball or stand in the hall, you gotta make somethin' out of nothin' at all i'm sittin' in the classroom learnin' the rules and it say you can't do graffiti in school they can't be wrong in the hollowed hall so my notebook turned into a brick wall the heart of a lion and the courage of three and the mind of a man mush wiser than me and the soul of a brother who won't come back, who died in my arms on the railroad tracks cause i'm caught in the rat race, lookin' for for my own space, there's gotta be a better place for you and me there's pie in the sky and eye for an eye, some people gotta die just to be free search for justice and what do you find, you find just us on the unemployment line you find just us sweatin' >from dawn to dusk, there's no justice, there's just us! still life urban masterpiece, your trademark was written on trains and walls a million dollar gift only god relief (?) and yet you got killed for nothin' at all so after this there'll be no more hard time, no more bad time and no more pain no more chump change, none of that bull, just movies, museums, and the hall of fame so all you hip hops get on up and let's take it to the top where we belong cause the age of the beat street wave is here, everybody lets sing along, now, c'mon and say ho (ho!) say ho (ho!) and to let me know i'm rockin' the microphone everybody say ramoe (ramoe!) ramoe (ramoe!) a newspaper burns in the sand and the headlines say "man destroys man!" extra, extra, read all the bad news on the war of peace that everybody'll lose the rise and fall of the last great empire, the sound of the whole world caught on fire the ruthless struggle, the desprate gamble, the game that left the whole world in shambles the cheat, the lies, the alibis and the foolish atempt to conquer the skies lost in space but what is it worth, the president just forgot about earth spendin' mutli-billions and maybe even trillions, the cost of weapons ran into zillions the gold in the street and there's dimonds under feet and the children in africa don't even eat flies on their faces they're livin' like mice and the houses even make the ghetto look nice the water tastes funny it's forever too sunny and they work all month and don't make no money a fight for power, a nuclear shower, the people shout out in the darkest hour the sight's unseen and voices unheard and finally the bomb get the last word christians killed muslims and germans killed jews and everybody's body is used and abused minds are poisoned and souls are polluted, supierority complexes deep rooted liegends are lisenced (?) and people got prices, ego maniacs control the self rightious nothin' is sacred and nothin' is pure, so the revelation effect is our cure hitler and ceaser, custard and reagan, napoleon, castro, musellini and (???) ghengis khan and the shah of iran, meant for the blood of the weaker man the people's in terror, the leaders made the error and they can't even look in the mirror cause we got to suffer, while things get rougher and that's the reason why we got to get tougher learn from the past, work for the future and don't be a slave to no computer cause the children of man inherates the land and the future of the world is in your hands just throw your hands in the air, and wave'em like you just don't care and if you believe that you're the future scream it out and say oh yeah (oh yeah!) oh yeah (oh yeah!) beat street breakdown!
breakdance ya da 80'leri ucundan yakaladınızsa es geçmemeniz gereken film. tam bir kült. http://www.otekisinema.com/?p=7642
