afraid of sunlight'dan bir marillion sarkisi everybody knows we live in a world where they give bad names to beautiful things everybody knows we live in a world where we don't give beautiful things a second glance heaven only knows we live in a world where what we call beautiful is just something on sale people laughing behind their hands as the fragile and the sensitive are given no chance and the leaves turn from red to brown to be trodden down to be trodden down and the leaves turn from red to brown fall to the ground fall to the ground we don't have to live in a world where we give bad names to beautiful things we should live in a beautiful world we should give beautiful a second chance and the leaves fall from red to brown to be trodden down trodden down and the leaves turn green to red to brown fall to the ground and get kicked around you strong enough to be have you the courage to be have you the faith to be honest enough to stay don't have to be the same don't have to be this way c'mon and sign your name you wild enough to remain beautiful? beautiful and the leaves turn from red to brown to be trodden down trodden down and we fall green to red to brown fall to the ground but we can turn it around you strong enough to be why don't you stand up and say give yourself a break they'll laugh at you anyway so why don't you stand up and be beautiful black, white, red, gold, and brown we're stuck in this world nowhere to go turnin' around what are you so afraid of? show us what you're made of be yourself and be beautiful beautiful
creed-human clay albumunden she wears a coat of color loved by some, feared by others she's immortalized in young men's eyes lust she breeds in the eyes of brothers violent sons make bitter mothers so close your eyes, here's your surprise beautiful is empty beautiful is free beautiful loves no one beautiful stripped me in your mind she's your companion vile instincts often candid your regret is all that's left she told me where i'm going and it's far away from home i think i'll go there on my own
kullanan kadınların çoğunun vazgeçemediği pembesel renkli kabı olup hem de gül içerdiği halde güzel kokan tek parfüm
ten sharp'ın yeni mükemmel şarkısı çok romantiiiiiiiiiiiiik adam adamış kendini resmen yaw
mandalay'in hoş bir şarkısı. sözleri: beautiful mandalay empathy (1998) you can depend on certainty count it out and weigh it up again you can be sure you've reached the end and still you don't feel you know about anything do you know you're beautiful do you know you're beautiful do you know you're beautiful you are, yes you are you can ignore what you've become take it out and see it die again you can be here for who's a friend and still you don't feel you know about anything do you know you're beautiful do you know you're beautiful do you know you're beautiful you are, yes you are innermost thoughts will be understood and you can have all you need do you know you're beautiful do you know you're beautiful do you know you're beautiful you are, yes you are
belle and sebastianınki. (pek bir duygusal) she lay in bed all night watching the colours change she lay in bed all night watching the morning change she lay in bed all night watching the morning change into green and gold the doctor told her years ago that she was ill the doctor told her years ago to take a pill the doctor told her years ago that she'd go blind if she wasn't careful they let lisa go blind the world was at her feet and she was looking down they let lisa go blind but everyone she knew thought she was beautiful only slightly mental beautiful, a bit temperamental beautiful, only slightly mental beautiful she thought it would be fun to try photography she thought it would be fun to try pornography she thought it would be fun to try most anything she was tired of sleeping they let lisa go blind, let lisa go blind, let lisa go blind they let lisa go blind she's looking like a queen but if you knew what's going on in her life there'd be a thousand barren mothers there to talk to her if you knew what's going on in her life there'd be two hundred troubled teenagers to sit with her and to talk to her if you knew what's going on in her life, what's going on in her life there would be a documentary on radio 4 she made herself a pair of orthopaedic shoes she thought it was the answer to the fashion blues she thought it was the answer to the fashion blues but she walked with a limp they let lisa go blind, let lisa go blind, let lisa go blind they let lisa go blind, let lisa go blind, let lisa go blind they let lisa go blind, let lisa go blind, let lisa go blind they let lisa go blind, let lisa go blind, let lisa go blind
smashing pumpkinsinki. (bu da duygusal) beautiful, you're beautiful, as beautiful as the sun wonderful, you're wonderful, as wonderful as they come and i can't help but feel attached to the feelings i can't even match with my face pressed up to the glass, wanting you beautiful, you're beautiful, as beautiful as the sky wonderful, it's wonderful, to know that you're just like i and i'm sure you know me well, as i'm sure you don't but you just can't tell who'll you love and who you won't and i love you, as you love me so let the clouds roll by your face we'll let the world spin on to another place we'll climb the tallest tree above it all to look down on you and me and them and i'm sure you know me well, as i'm sure you don't but you just can't tell, who you'll love and who you won't don't let your life wrap up around you don't forget to call, whenever i'll be here just waiting for you i'll be under your stars forever neither here nor there just right beside you i'll be under the stairs forever neither here nor there just right beside you
him'in deep shadows brilliant highlights albumunde yer alan, ville'nin insanın kanını donduran sakinlikte soyledigi sarkı. beautiful just one look into your eyes one look and i'm crying 'cause you're so beautiful just one kiss and i'm alive one kiss and i'm ready to die 'cause you're so beautiful just one touch and i'm on fire one touch and i'm crying 'cause you're so beautiful just one smile and i'm wild one smile and i'm ready to die 'cause you're so beautiful
(bkz: ugly)
tapping the vein'in öldürülen bir arkadaşları için yazdıkları değişik hoş şarkı. please, i don't know what you're saying it all sounds like mud to me there's a man here i've seen his face he's sure i'll recognize him and he's breathing all his hate on me he binds my wrists and he throws me down and i can't see wake me i hope i'm dreaming i am beautiful i'm beautiful wake me. there must be some mistake no, i don't hear what i'm hearing fear you are my new best friend cause these wicked boys brought their pieces and their itchy fingers and the panic crawls into my throat cause i turn my head and they're looking at me. and i can't scream save me i think i'm bleeding i am beautiful i'm beautiful save me there must be some mistake and i can't scream i can't scream i'm bleeding i am beautiful i'm beautiful save me there must be some mistake save me look, i'm bleeding i am beautiful i'm beautiful save me there must be some mistake
türkçesi güzel anlamına gelen kelime
$ahsimin da dahil oldugu* bazi insanlar tarafindan bkz verirken, entry girerken falan surekli beatiful diye israrla yanlis yazilan kelime.
parçanın sözleri de şöyledir böyledir: i'm looking for a way to feel you hold me to feel your heart beat, just one more time i'm reaching back, trying to touch the moment each precious minute that you were mine how do you prepare, when you love someone this way, to let them go a little more each day? the stars we put in place the dreams we didn't waste the sorrows we embraced the world belonged to you and me the oceans that we crossed the innocence we've lost the hurting at the end i'd go there again cause it was beautiful it was beautiful some days missing you is overwhelming when it hits me you're not coming back and in my darkest hours i have wondered was it worth it, for the time we had? my thoughts get kind of scattered, but one thing i know is true i bless the day that i found you, oh oh the rules we stepped aside the fear that we defied the thrill of the ride the fire in our hearts that burned the oceans that we crossed the innocence we've lost the hurting at the end i'd go there again cause it was beautiful so beautiful it was beautiful
cd'deki versiyonunun kaydı çok bozuk ve anlaşılmaz olan ama kasetteki versiyonu aşmış olan him şarkısı. başı sakindir ama sonunda ville coşar.
flickerstick şarkısı you could be the devil in my bed you could be the angel in my head you could be the voices that i hear i'm singing along because it sounds just like you're near cause you're so beautiful you're beautiful today you're so beautiful beautiful in every little way cause when you're coming around i'm off the ground i've got to say you're so beautiful you're beautiful today i could be the drug you can't resist i could be the antidote you missed i could be the love you hate to fear you're filling the hole inside your heart with feeling near to me cause you're so beautiful you're beautiful today you're so beautiful beautiful in every little way cause when you're coming around i'm off the ground i've got to say you're so beautiful you're beautiful today can we make it through together we got to fly don't you know i got to fly cause when you're coming around i got to fly don't you know i want to fly and i know and i feel that i could learn to hate just like you and i know and i feel that you could learn to love just like me can we make it through together i've got to fly
meshell ndegeocello'nun bitter albumunun bir sarkisi, lost and delirious'da da mevcut.. ayrica amerikancada beatiful diye bir kelime yoktur; beatify gibi kelimelerle karistirmamak lazim..
christina aguliera 'nın en son single ının adı.basarılı bir parça
edward cummings soyle tanimlamis; beautiful is the unmea ning of(sil ently)fal ling(e ver yw here)s now
travis in bir sarkisidir bu. (bkz: beautiful bird)
christina aguliera'nın son single'ı, klibinde daha önce depeche mode un home klibinde oynayan beyefendi amca oynamaktadır, inanabilmek için gözlerin bir kaç defa ovuşturulması şarttır, farzdır vs vs..
villenin söylerken sesinin insanı büyülediği şarkı.
(bkz: pharrell) ve (bkz: snoop) un klibi brezilyada cekilmis 'sahane' nin az kaldigi sarkilari. zaten pharrel olayi bitirmis birde yanina dunyadaki en guzel yeri izlemek = bu sarki = beautiful .. hatta soyle ozetliyelim snoop doggy dogg'un varligi bile sarkiyi cirkinlestirmemis..
snoop ve pharrellinkinin lyricleri: ohhh-ohh-oh-ohhh-ohhh... (oh-hooo!) yeahhh, yeahh, yeah, yeahhhh... (ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you...) [chorus 2x's] beautiful, i just want you to know (oh-hooo!) you're my favorite girl... (ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you..) (buda normal bir zencinin aska bakis acisini taniyabilecegimiz cumledir) i know you gon' lose it, this new snoop shit come on baby boo, you gotsta get into it (oh-hooo!) don't fool wit the playa with the cool whip yeah-yeah, you know i'm always on that cool shit walk to it, do it how you do it have a glass, lemme put you in the mood and, (oh-hooo!) lil' cutie lookin' like a student long hair, wit'cha big fat booty back in the days you was a girl i went to school wit had to tell your moms and sister to cool it (oh-hooo!) the girl wanna do it, i just might do it here to walk wit some pimp-pimp clue wit' mommy don't worry, i won't abuse it hurry up and finish so we can watch "clueless" (oh-hooo!) i laugh at these niggas when they ask who do this but everybody know who girl that you is [chorus 2x's] [verse 2] when i see my baby boo, shit, i get foolish smack a nigga that tries to pursue it (oh-hooo!) homeboy, she taken, just move it i asked you nicely, don't make the dogg lose it we just blow 'dro and keep the flow movin' in a '64, me and baby boo cruisin' (oh-hooo!) body rag interior blue, and have them hydralics squeakin' when we screwin' now she's yellin', hollerin' out snoop, and hootin', hollerin'; hollerin', hootin' (oh-hooo!) black and beautiful, you the one i'm choosin' hair long and black and curly like you're cuban keep groovin', that's what we doin' and we gon' be together until your moms move in... (oh-hooo!) pharrell: ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you... [chorus & hook: 2x's] [bridge 2x's: pharrell & uncle charlie wilson] ...see i just want you to know that you are really special... ohh why, oh why, oh why, oh why... [verse 3] snoop dogg clothing, that's what i'm groomed in you got my pictures on the wall in your room-in (oh-hooo!) girls be complainin' you keep me boomin' but girls like that wanna listen to pat boone (ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you...) you's a college girl, but that don't stop you from doin' come and see the dogg in a hood near you-in (oh-hooo!) you don't ask why i roll wit a crew, and twist up my fingers and wear dark blue-in (ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you...) on the eastside, that's the crew i choose nothin' i do is new to you (oh-hooo!) i smack up the world if they rude to you (ehh...) 'cause baby girl you so beautiful... [chorus 2x's] [bridge 4x's] (p): ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you... oh-hooo!
pharrelli şapkasız olarak izleyebilirsiniz bu klipte ... klip süper olmuş sondaki brezilya tarzı çalıyolar duptıs duptıs o da güzel olmuş ... pharrellin vokalde yardığı şarkı olmuş ayrıca
eelsin beautiful freaki..
pek bulunmayan aşmış albüm versiyonuna sahip, ville'nin vokalde en iyi olduğu şarkılardan biri.
(bkz: twilight to starlight)
nice sarkilara isim olmus beautifullar arasında bugünlerde en güzeli snoop doggfeat. pharrell & charlie wilson amcamın söledigi kanimca
(bkz: josh zandman)
mükemmel bir the past and present organisation şarkısı.
bir de garbage'ın vardır bole bi $arkısı ; if i was beautiful like you all the things i would do those not so blessed would be crying out murder and i'd just laugh and get away with it too like you do if i was beautiful like you i would never be at fault i would walk in the rain between the raindrops bringing traffic to a halt but that can never be that will never, never be coz i'm not beautiful like you i'm beautiful like me if i was beautiful like you i'd be quick to assume they'd do anything to please me at night i see their reaction when you walk into the room but that can never be that will never, never be cuz i'm not beautiful like you i'm beautiful like me beautiful beautiful like me like me like me if i was beautiful like you i'd have so many friends always fighting for my time to be next in line so if i hurt one i wouldnt have to make amends that can never be that will never never be coz i'm not beautiful like you i'm not beautiful like you i'm not beautiful like you i'm beautiful like me beautiful like me beautiful like me i'm beautiful like me i'm beautiful like me
gercekten de ustun bir pharrell ve snoop dogg cali$masiymi$, ilk ba$ta "hade len" dememi aynen geri aliyor, hem o piclerin $ahi pharrell itine, hem de alemlerin adami snoop dogg fizzle wizzle'a selam ediyorum, fo' shizzle.
(bkz: beautiful garbage)
christina aguliera'nın tümevarım yaptığı şarkısı...
(bkz: joydrop)
sarah brightman'ın harem albümünde söylediği mandalay şarkısı.
mukemmell bir ten sharp parcasi..sozlerini * goremeyince bir anda uzuldum.. i always used to colour up when you came by without any reason the little things could make me feel so high i just can’t believe it i used to wait to see you almost every day you could not avoid me all i could do was look away i could not perceive it beautiful beautiful that’s what you are i couldn’t help but drowning in those eyes of blue an utter shattered feeling and the gentle pain you put me through oh no, but somehow i need it beautiful beautiful that’s what you will always be to me oh beautiful so beautiful that’s what you are you give me reason i’ll never dare to show just how i feel for you you bruise my ways no other love can do to you but the little things still make me feel so high beautiful beautiful beautiful that’s what you will always be to me oh beautiful so beautiful that’s what you are you give me reason like no one ever will only you beautiful oh like no one makes me feel no, only you beautiful beautiful you give me reason
deep shadows and brilliant highlights albümünden hoş bir him şarkısı..ancak birde rock versiyonu vardır ki aşmıştır..ville'in sesi bir kez daha kendine hayran bırakır..linde'nin solosu ayrı bir harikadır kanımca.. şarkının 3:30dan itibaren değişen havası sonuna kadar sürer ve dağıtır..
zaten tapping the veinin vokaline hastayiz ama bu sarkida resmen baska bir boyut aliyor bu sevdamiz.
meshell ndegeocello album: bitter (1999) such pretty hair may i kiss you may i kiss you there so beautiful you are so beautiful please, don't move you feel so good to me tell me in my ear beautiful beautiful so very beautiful so beautiful beautiful so beautiful
jennifer paige tarafından seslendirilen,austin canningham ve trina harmon imzalı autumn in new york soundtrack'i.
bastan cikaricidir. (bkz: estee lauder)
1985 yılında estee lauder tarafından piyasaya sürülen parfümün yaratcısı sophia grosjman'dır. üst notaları limon, bergamut, orta ve alt notaları ylang-ylang, karanfil, floransa süseni, sümbül, yasemin,sedir ağacı , sandal ağacı, vanilya,vetiver,amber ve miskt'ten oluşur. kalıcı bir kokudur, daha çok gece ve/ veya kış kokusu olarak idealdir diye düşünürüm, ben pek hazzetmem, yanlış hatırlamıyorsam zamanında tansu çiller'in parfümü olarak popüler olmuştu.
(bkz: pitiful)
enchant'in tug of war albümünün 4. şarkısı. [müzik ve sözler: d. ott] how did we come to this? when did we reach that fork in the road that carried us from our home? where did we go wrong? how could we lose the words to our song when we were writing it all along? and how could something beautiful turn into something ugly and change right before our eyes? and how could something wonderful just fade away and slip into something that we try to hide from? what we've become; a mere shadow of the lovers we used to be don't you see? where do we go from here? can we reclaim all that we have lost and start all over again? can we afford the cost? should we risk the chance of losing it all or walk away now as friends? and how does something beautiful just fade into a memory stored there for a rainy day? and how does something wonderful get tossed aside or thrown away like something that is broken or frayed? what a mess we've made shards of hearts they splinter beneath our feet yet we refuse to retreat so think about tomorrow and forgive all the wrongs of today we should know better than to let our pride get in the way we can make it better we can save what we have if we try to rise above our faults we can make it beautiful turn from something ugly and change right before our eyes and we could make it wonderful just turn our backs on yesterday and focus on the love that we've made 'cause we have something beautiful it's something that's invaluable, like waking to a brand new day what we have is wonderful it's sublime, it's magical.divine, it's beautiful
carole king'in tapestry albumunun besinci parcasi. sozleri: you've got to get up every morning with a smile on your face and show the world all the love in your heart the people gonna treat you better you're gonna find, yes you will that you're beatiful as you feel waiting at the station with a workday wind a-blowing i've got nothing to do but watch the passers-by mirrored in their faces i see frustration growing and they don't see it showing, why do i? you've got to get up every morning with a smile on your face and show the world all the love in your heart the people gonna treat you better you're gonna find, yes you will that you're beatiful as you feel i have often asked myself for reason for sadness in a world where tears are just a lullabye if there's any answer, maybe love can end the madness maybe not, oh, but we can only try you've got to get up every morning with a smile in your face and show the world all the love in your heart the people gonna treat you better you're gonna find, yes you will that you're beatiful as you feel
india arie'nin belki de en cok sevdigim sarkilarindan birinin ismidir. aska tutsak olmak mi yoksa tek ve hur olmak mi arasinda secim yapma asamasina gelmis bunyelere birebir yarayan sarkidir. efendi gibi esyalarinizi toplar, tepenin arkasindan dogan gunesin isiginda yikanmaya gidiverirsiniz. sozlerini de yazayim da tam olsun: the time is right i'm gonna pack my bags and take that journey down the road cause over the mountain i see the bright sun shinning and i want to live inside the glow yeah i wanna go to place where i am nothing and everything that exists between here and nowhere i wanna got to a place time as no consequence oh yeah the sky opens to my prayers i wanna go to beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, i wanna go to beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, i wanna go to beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, i wanna go to beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, please understand that it not that i don't care but right know these wall are closing in on me i love you more than i love life itself but i need to find a place were i can breathe i can breathe i wanna go to place were i can hold the intangible and let of the pain with all my might i wanna go to a place where i am suspended in ecstasy some where between dark and light where wrong becomes right i wanna go to beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, i wanna go to beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, i wanna go to beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, i wanna go to beautiful, beautiful, beautiful....
kimse şimdiye kadar him in beautiful şarkısının sözlerini yazmamış.ben yazayım da tam olsun. just one look into your eyes one look and i'm crying 'cause you're so beautiful just one kiss and i'm alive one kiss and i'm ready to die 'cause you're so beautiful just one touch and i'm on fire one touch and i'm crying 'cause you're so beautiful just one smile and i'm wild one smile and i'm ready to die 'cause you're so beautiful oh and you're so beautiful my darling oh you're so beautiful you're so beautiful oh my baby you're so beautiful and you're so beautiful oh my darling oh my baby and you're so beautiful
sözleri linda perry tarafından yazılan christina aguileraın beautiful'unun sözleri ise; don't look at me every day is so wonderful and suddenly, it's hard to breathe now and then, i get insecure from all the fame, i'm so ashamed i am beautiful no matter what they say words can't bring me down i am beautiful in every single way yes, words can't bring me down so don't you bring me down today to all your friends, you're delirious so consumed in all your doom trying hard to fill the emptiness the piece is gone and the puzzle undone that's the way it is you are beautiful no matter what they say words won't bring you down you are beautiful in every single way yes, words won't bring you down don't you bring me down today... no matter what we do (no matter what we do) no matter what they say (no matter what they say) when the sun is shining through then the clouds won't stay and everywhere we go (everywhere we go) the sun won't always shine (sun won't always shine) but tomorrow will find a way all the other times we are beautiful no matter what they say yes, words won't bring us down we are beautiful no matter what they say yes, words can't bring us down don't you bring me down today don't you bring me down today don't you bring me down today
patrick nuo'dan mükemmel bir romantik/melankolik parça. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun: like a thunderstorm on a summer day she came out of nowhere and i can say she´s a supernova shinin´ through the night a never sleeping satellite she´s a damn good reason for the sun to rise when you see her smile in the morning light when she cries, she cries a wishing well plays hide and seek with the hounds of hell she throws you down to take you high into her private sky she´s so beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful magical, mystical, irresistible, cosmical a wonderful overkill and most of all beautiful ooooh ooh ooh i have her, her, her she´s so oooh ooh ooh i love her, her, her beautiful mmh so beautiful you wanna call her name from the highest hill and she´s better than a 5-million-dollar bill she swims with you to atlantis´ coast to keep you safe while the world explodes she´s diving down to keep you high inside her velvet sky she´s so beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful magical, mystical, irresistible, cosmical a wonderful overkill and most of all beautiful ooooh ooh ooh she´s so beautiful she´s so oooh ooh ooh i love her, her, her beautiful she´s a mermaid who´s left her fairytale she wrote the brand new song for the nightingale sometimes i think she´s invented but thank god she´s made of flesh and blood. she´s everything i´ve ever missed the more but most of all she is beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful wonderful powerful magical mystical irresistible overkill and most of all beau-ti-ful ooooh ooh ooh she´s so beautiful she´s so oooh ooh ooh i love her, her, her repeat several times
late night alumni isimli enteresan şeyin nefis güzel huzurlu sakin güzel ve güzel şarkısı. güzel bir şarkı.
late night alumni nin kanimca en ho$ parcalarindan biri... here we are family together holding close never release this feeling this moment my dream is now that i'm with you 'cause your beautiful something in your eyes tells me i have found love that never dies i don't have to dream reality is beautiful in you... i've never felt more true there you are finally the answer take my hand never release the sweetness the magic the happiness i found in you cause you're beautiful something in your eyes tells me i have found love that never dies i don't have to dream reality is beautiful in you... i've never felt more true cause you're beautiful something in your eyes tells me i have found love that never dies i don't have to dream reality is beautiful in you... i've never felt more true (x3) cause you're beautiful i've never felt more true... beautiful...
güzelinden bir vast şarkısı. stay with us my darling tomorrow is a brighter day stay with us my darling there are so many things to love you are so beautiful to me you are so beautiful to everyone heaven is a place i cannot see when i'm beside you it's so close to me these are the reasons you should stay there is so much that you can give you are so beautiful to me you are so beautiful to everyone there are so many things to see you are so beautiful to me you're a diamond i can't buy you're a sin i can't forgive and when you sink into the dark know that i am there with you you are so beautiful to me you are so beautiful to everyone there are so many things to see you are so beautiful to me
barenaked ladies'in son albümleri barenaked ladies are men'den pek hoş bir parça. what if you were not just for show what if you were not good to go what if you were simply not so beautiful what if you were not thin and tall what if you were done with it all what if you were not baby-doll beautiful (beautiful) isn't she (beautiful) paid to be (beautiful) when i see (beautiful) shame on me hoping that it's deeper than skin open to the beauty within scoping out the room's not a sin beautiful beautiful and not much else not much else going on no matter 'cause no one's as (beautiful) everytime she walks in the room their heads all turn to find her (beautiful) everything she says i simply say i never mind (beautiful) everyone she sees seems to ignore the whole experience (beautiful) everytime she sees me checking her appearance what if one day i wake up blind would i go on losing my mind groping in the dark just to find beautiful beauty disappears boredom perserveres (beautiful) isn't she (beautiful) paid to be (beautiful) when i see (beautiful) shame on me (beautiful) [isn't she?] everytime she walks in the room their heads all turn to find her (beautiful) [paid to be] everything she says i simply say i never mind. (beautiful) [when i see] everyone she sees seems to ignore the whole experience. (beautiful) shame on me
klibiyle insanda tatile çıkma isteği uyandıran çok güzel snoop dogg şarkısı...
sıradan, daha doğrusu sessiz sedasız bir başlangıçtan saniyeler sonra birden büyüleyici havaya bürünen belle and sebastian şarkısı. push barman to open old wounds adlı albümden...
elvis costellonun house md 2x2 bölümü * için coverladığı christina aguilera $arkısı. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dywr03b55ja
hasta yatağında hayaller kurarak uyumaya çalışan, gökyüzünü, güneşin doğuşunu, renklerin değişimini izleyen lisa adlı kızımızın hikayesini anlatan bir belle and sebastian şarkısı. can sıkıntısından kendisine ilginç hobiler aramaktadır lisa ayrıca. she thought it would be fun to try photography she thought it would be fun to try pornography she thought it would be fun to try most anything she was tired of sleeping..*
bir kıza söylenebilecek en güzel iltifatları içeren akon şarkısı: "where'd you come from you're outta this world to me you're a symbol of what every beautiful woman should be "
eminemin relapse albümünde yer alan bir şarkı. sözleri de şöyle olmakta: im just so fucking depressed i just cant seem to get out this slump if i could just get over this hump but i need something to pull me out this dump i took my bruises took my lumps fell down and i got right back up but i need that spark to get psyched back up and in order for me to pick the mic back up i dont know how or why or when i ended up this position im in im started to feel dissin again so i decided just to pick this pen up and try to make an attempt to vent but i just cant admit or come to grips the fact that i may be done with rap i need a new outlet and i know some shits so hard to swallow but i cant just sit back and wallow in my own sorrow but i know one fact ill be one tough act to follow one tough act to follow ill be one tough act to follow here today gone tomorrow but you'd have to walk a thousand miles chorus: in my shoes, just to see what its like, to be me ill be you, lets trade shoes just to see what id be like to feel your pain, you feel mine go inside eachothers minds just to see what we'd find look at shit through eachothers eyes it dont matter saying you aint beautiful they can all get fucked just stay true to you dont matter saying you aint beautiful they can all get fucked just stay true to you i think im starting to lose my sense of humor everythings so tense and gloom i almost fee like i gotta check the temperature of the room just as soon as i walk in its like all eyes on me i try to avoid any contact cuz if i do that then it opens the door for conversation like i want that im not looking for extra attention i just want to be just like you blend in with the rest of the room maybe just point me to the closest restroom i dont need no fucking man servant tryin ta follow me around and try to wipe my ass laugh at every single joke i crack and half of them aint even funny like hahhhhh "marshall your so funny man you should be a comedian god damn" unfortunately i am i just hide behind the tears of a clown so why dont you all sit downn listen to the tale that im about to tell hell we dont gotta trade our shoes and you dont gotta walk no thousand miles in my shoes, just to see what its like, to be me ill be you, lets trade shoes just to see what id be like to feel your pain, you feel mine go inside eachothers minds just to see what we'd find look at shit through eachothers eyes it dont matter saying you aint beautiful they can all get fucked just stay true to you dont matter saying you aint beautiful they can all get fucked just stay true to you nobody asked for life to deal us with these bullshit hands we're dealt we gotta take these cards ourselves and flip em dont expect no help now i could have either just stayed at home sit on my ass and pissed and moaned or take this situation with which im placed in and get up and kick my own i was never the type of kid to wait by the door and pack his bags and sat on the porch and hope and prayed for a dad to show up who never did i just wanted to fit in in every single place every school i went i dreamed of being that cool kid even if it meant acting stupid and edna always told me keep making that face and it'll get stuck like that meanwhile im just standing there holding my tongue trynwa twalk like dwis then i stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old i learned my lesson then cuz i wasn't trying to impress my friends no more but i already told you my whole life story not just based on my description cuz where you see it from where your sittin its probably 110% different i guess we would have to walk a mile in eachothers shoes at least what size you wear? i wear tens lets see if you can fit your feet chorus: in my shoes, just to see what its like, to be me ill be you, lets trade shoes just to see what itd be like to feel your pain, you feel mine go inside eachothers minds just to see what we'd find look at shit through eachothers eyes it dont matter saying you aint beautiful they can all get fucked just stay true to you dont matter saying you aint beautiful they can all get fucked just stay true to you it dont matter saying you aint beautiful they can all get fucked just stay true to you yeah to my babies stay strong daddy will be home soon and to the rest of the world god gave you shoes to fit you so put em on and wear them be yourself man be proud of who you are and even if it sounds corny dont ever let anyone tell you you ain't beautiful
muhteşem bir the sweet vandals şarkısı. son fiat bravo reklamında bir kısmı kullanılıyor. i always think to myself if our love was so beautiful; please remember all those happy days weren’t we were lovers weren’t we the best friends we didn’t understand each other when we both needed help whenever i think of you oh baby i just feel i just feel that i wanna start crying oh babe don’t want this kind of feeling to remain don’t want to believe don’t want to believe our love was just wasting time if i i belong to you baby and a you and a you belong to me if i was good to you honey yeh and you and you were good to to me baby tell me please i just an understanding if i just made love to you honey and you made love to me love to me oh darling if i took care of you for so long and you took care of me tell of me baby baby why our love’s been so difficult our love’s been so difficult please remember all those happy days baby weren’t we were the best lovers weren’t we the best friends we didn’t understand each other when we both needed help but i love you and i always will you know that i love you oh baby it’s so hard to see that we couldn’t live together sometimes it’s so hard to see (that) you don’t want me in your arms sometimes but baby we gotta lead our separate lives when our love has gone oh baby baby honey
yeni tupac yakıştırmalarıyla başlayan kariyerinin ortasına mtv ile birlikte sıçtıktan sonra gelen adamakıllı bir eminem şarkısıdır. albümde yine pek bir numara yok ama bu şarkı olmuş. aferin.
güzel bir şarkı. eminem'in kendi en iyileri arasına girecek bir şarkı; şöyle adam akıllı şarkılar yapsa da dinlesek dedirten cinsten.
relapse albumunde deja vu ile beraber en cok dikkat ceken parcalardan biri. hele "i guess we would have to walk a mile in each others shoes at least, what size you wear? i wear tens. let's see if you can fit your feet." lafi cok guzel yaki$mi$ parcaya.
harikualde bir eminem parçası. introsunda olan şarkının adı da paul rodgers'ın reaching out şarkısıdır efendim. şarkının başında hoş durmuştur.
dj shah meets jan johnson şeklindeki harikulade bir şarkı. lond island mix'i de ayrı güzeldir. it's a glimpse of heaven it's a glimpse of heaven it's a glimpse of heaven i want it inside of me of me... (x3) there are no words to describe it´s a painting, it´s a poem it´s breathing life and the sun's a search light in the sky seeing, finding, everything it's touching life it's touching life it's touching life looking through the window clouds i see a glimpse of heaven and it's so beautiful i want it looking through the window clouds i see a glimpse of heaven and it's so beautiful that i want it inside of me of me... (x3) imagine the silence of life full of texture full of color starey light as the moon suspending in my night seeing, finding, everything it's breathing life it's breathing life it's breathing life looking through the window clouds i see a glimpse of heaven and it's so beautiful i want it... looking through the window clouds i see a glimpse of heaven and it's so beautiful that i want it inside of me. of me... that i want it inside of me. of me... (x3)
klibiyle, sözleriyle, müziğiyle, sesiyle, her şeyiyle pop müziğin zirvesine çıkmayı başaran christina aguilera şarkısı. sırrı basitliğinde. seni beni anlatan şarkılar olur ya, bu o şarkılardan. "don't look at me"
estee lauder'in parfümlerinden biri. tarafımca sınıfı geçemedi. ağır olmuş yafu.
goldfrapp'e ait olup, melodisiyle sizi saran güzelim parça. magic maker, wish me one wish hold me to your light and maybe oh what if i say why don't we play i'll wear your star i shiver, you shake it to me i can't help it don't know, am i dreaming or have you, you haven't stop for awhile why don't we play i'll wear your star oh, love make me oh, love tasted beautiful oh, love make me oh, love tasted critical turn me onto your star show me one night, slowly aching, make me oh, what if i say why don't we play i'll wear your star. i'm goin right under your spell has taken over i'm feelin, your passion oh there's no need for the place where i'll wait why don't we play i'll wear your star
christina aguilera'nın dünyanın gelmiş geçmiş en iyi sesi benim alayına gider der gibi seslendirdiği benimde biat ettiğim müthiş şarkı.
moby'nin 2005 çıkışlı hotel albümünde yer alan bir parçanın da adı. hayatımda ilk kez aynı şarkıya 3 kez aşık oldum. 1- orijinal hali 2- david guetta ve joachim garraud'nun fuck me i'm famous remix'i 3- benny benassi remix'i sözleri as follows; come on baby, come on girl, come on baby, come on girl, i love you baby, i love you now, i love you baby, i love you now, look at us we’re beautiful, all the people push and pull but, let’s just go out and ride, talk about the things we’ve tried look at us we’re beautiful, all the people push and pull but, they’ll never get inside, we got too much to hide look at us we’re beautiful
eleni mandell'in miracle of five albümünden sakin, samimi, sigaralı, sinematik şarkısı. dişi tom waitsliği resmen tavan yapmış bu şarkıda eleni mandell'in. sözlerini de yazayım şuraya; you wake up, and you're beautiful. your everything is lovely. your eyes are the same eyes that you had yesterday. so you know who you once were, and you recognize the miracle. today you're beautiful. you're walking by the local dive, and everyone asks who you are. motor cars go racing by, glancing in their rear-view mirrors. do you know who you once were? do you believe in miracles? today you're beautiful. your slender body nearly flies. each step you take is cinematic. other women wonder why they have been cursed. why are they so pathetic? do you know who you once were? do you believe in miracles? today you're beautiful. today you're who you are. today you're beautiful. today you're who you are. today you're beautiful.
bir gary jules şarkısı. lazy, and is it any wonder with all the heavenly influences to be under? we know all about it, the waiting in line maybe this time it could be beautiful baby, why are you still shaking with vitamins, saccharin, and methadone ready for the taking? i saw you in the hothouse turning water into wine maybe this time it could be beautiful sister sunlight, you renew me mr. moonlight, say you knew me maybe this time it could be beautiful.
bir portishead parçası. you can depend on certainty count it out and weigh it off again you can be sure you've reach the end and still you don't feel (you know about anything) do you know you're beautiful do you know you're beautiful do you know you're beautiful you are yes you are you can ignore what you've become take it out and see it die again you can be here for who's a friend and still you don't feel (you know about anyone) do you know you're beautiful do you know you're beautiful do you know you're beautiful you are yes you are innermost thoughts will be understood and... you can have all you need do you know you're beautiful do you know you're beautiful do you know you're beautiful you are yes you are
(bkz: bio the fool)
üstte yanlış ve eksik yazılmış olanına tahammül edemedim ve daha doğru lyric'lerini yazmak zorunda hissettim. metrolyrics'ten aldım, yanlışları düzeltip yazdım. bir de gerizekalı, forum kafalı 10. nesil sonralarının aparmasından; tanım: eminem'in [içinde paul rodgers'ın reaching out konser introsu bulunan] güzel parçasıdır. buyrun efendim. [paul rodgers] lately i've been hard to reach i've been too long on my own everybody has their private world where they can be alone are you calling me? are you trying to get through? are you reaching out for me? i'm reaching out... for you (for you) [eminem] i'm just so fucking depressed i just can't seem to get out this slump if i could just get over this hump but i need something to pull me out this dump i took my bruises, took my lumps fell down and i got right back up but i need that spark to get psyched back up and in order for me to pick the mic back up i don't know how or why or when i ended up this position i'm in i'm starting to feel dissin' again so i decided just to pick this pen up and try to make an attempt to vent but i just can't admit or come to grips with the fact that i may be done with rap i need a new outlet and i know some shit's so hard to swallow but i can't just sit back and wallow in my own sorrow but i know one fact i'll be one tough act to follow one tough act to follow i'll be one tough act to follow here today, gone tomorrow but you'd have to walk a thousand miles in my shoes, just to see what it's like, to be me i'll be you, let's trade shoes just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain, you feel mine go inside each others' minds just to see what we'd find look at shit through each others' eyes don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful they can all get fucked, just stay true to you so don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful they can all get fucked, just stay true to you i think i'm starting to lose my sense of humor everything's so tense and gloom i almost feel like i gotta check the temperature of the room just as soon as i walk in, it's like all eyes on me and so i try to avoid any eye contact 'cause if i do that then it opens the door for conversation, like i want that i'm not looking for extra attention i just wanna be just like you blend in with the rest of the room maybe just point me to the closest restroom i don't need no fucking man servant trying to follow me around and wipe my ass laugh at every single joke i crack and half of 'em ain't even funny like "ha! marshall you're so funny man you should be a comedian, god damn!" unfortunately i am i just hide behind the tears of a clown so why don't you all sit down listen to the tale i'm about to tell hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes and you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles in my shoes, just to see what it's like, to be me i'll be you, let's trade shoes just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain, you feel mine go inside each others minds just to see what we'd find look at shit through each others eyes don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful they can all get fucked, just stay true to you so don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful they can all get fucked, just stay true to you nobody asked for life to deal us with these bullshit hands we're dealt we gotta take these cards ourselves and flip 'em, don't expect no help now i could've either just sat on my ass and pissed and moaned or take this situation in which i'm placed in and get up and get my own i was never the type of kid to wait by the door and pack his bags i sat on the porch and hoped and prayed for a dad to show up who never did i just wanted to fit in every single place, every school i went i dreamed of being that cool kid even if it meant acting stupid and edna always told me keep making that face and it'll get stuck like that meanwhile i'm just standing there holding my tongue tryna talk like that 'til i stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old i learned my lesson then 'cause i wasn't trying to impress my friends no more but i already told you my whole life story not just based on my description 'cause where you see it, from where you're sittin it's probably 110% different i guess we would have to walk a mile in each others shoes at least what size you wear? i wear 10's let's see if you can fit your feet in my shoes, just to see what it's like, to be me i'll be you, let's trade shoes just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain, you feel mine go inside each others minds just to see what we'd find look at shit through each others eyes but don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful they can all get fucked just stay true to you so don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful they can all get fucked just stay true to you so lately i've been hard to reach i've been too long on my own everybody has their private world where they can be alone are you calling me? are you trying to get through? are you reaching out for me? i'm reaching out for you yeah, to my babies stay strong, daddy will be home soon* and to the rest of the world god gave you shoes to fit you so put 'em on and wear 'em be yourself man, be proud of who you are even if it sounds corny don't ever let anyone tell you you ain't beautiful
marillion'ın beautiful'unun klibi şöyledir: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_gzpcjwtme
diğerlerini bilmem de dinlediğin en güzel şarkılardan biridir diyebilirim belle and sebastian olanına. hikayesi olan ve tadından yenmeyen bir şarkıdır.
late night alumni'ninkini oh sakin sakin söylüyo işte diyerekten huzurlu içinde dinlemeye çalışanlara, ya da ninni niyetine dinlemek isteyenlere uyarım ; dinlenmiyor öyle. 2 damla gözyaşı dökmeyin diye sizin için çalıştım ve hesapladım etkileme süresini , en fazla bir kere dinleyin*, loop a almayın üzülür ve löp gibi kalırsınız*
eminem'in biterme tezi gibi bişey. süper.
eminem'in en çok sevdiğim şarkısı. şarkının başında çalan "rock therapy - reaching out" şarkısının bu şarkıdaki versiyonunu bulabilmek imkansız...
etkileyici ve şık bir estee lauder parfümü. gece kullanımı için uygun, ağır sayılabilecek çiçek kokusu. hem akılda, hem tende çok kalıcı.
snoop dogg ve pharrell ortak calismasi olan parca cok guzel ve eglendiricidir.
adam cohen'in, istanbul live konserinde "oğlum için" diyerek söylediği huzur ötesi şarkıdır: if the hollywood sign catches on fire baby, if the hudson river drowns the liberty lady, if the london bridge finally did fall, if they take every stone off the great china wall if the countdown to the end had just begun 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 thing i'd wanna tell you before we're done thank you for being so beautiful for making business as usual so beautiful farewell new york city, farewell bethlehem so long willy shakespeare, so long mary ann forget the trip to venus, forget the internet forget baby jesus, forget all of it if the countdown to the end had just begun 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 thing i'd wanna tell you before we're done thank you for being so beautiful for making business as usual so beautiful i love you, i love you - these are not just words i love you, i love you - it's borderline absurd and i already know how i want the end to go i wanna close the show like juliet and romeo i wanna dim the light and watch this whole thing explode oh beautiful thank you for being so beautiful and i love you, i love you, i love you, i love you, i love you, i love you, i love you, i love you, i love you, i love you, i love you, i love you, if the hollywood sign catches on fire baby, if the hudson river drowns the liberty lady, i love you, i love you, i love you, i love you, i love you, i love you dünya üzerindeki en çarpıcı adamlardan biri olan oğul cohen, bu güzel şarkıyı albümde pek hoş söylemiş olsa da, canlı canlı tadına doyulmaz oluyor... (şarkı yani... kendisi de gerçi)
(bkz: biutiful)
annesi dahil güzel olan her şeye sahip olma, onu kontrol etme ya da onunla rekabet etme zorunluluğu hisseden 5 yaşinda bir erkek çocuğunun psişik dünyasini paylaşan insan nüfusunun averaj ruhsal makinesini gözönüne alirsan "beautiful", "güzellik", her zaman endişe vericidir. "güzel" bir şey gördüğü zaman illa onun içine parmağını sokmak isteyen insan nüfusu içinde hepimizin saygideğer bir yeri var. ama türkler için beautiful'un bir başka yan hastaliği da var. nitekim 8 yaşimdan beri 18-24 yaş arasi finlandiyali sarişin manken kizlarla internet ortaminda görüştüğüm için kendimden biliyorum ki, her türkün beautiful yazarken hissettiği "acaba yanliş mi yaziyorum" anksiyetesine, öz türkçe beautiful endişesi diyoruz. beautiful yazmak zordur, meşakkatlidir, sarptir, ki işte bu nedenle her beautiful yazma eylemi, insanda derin bir içe bakış, ben kimim ve ne yapiyorum sorgulamasi, korkutucu bir introspection pratiği yaratir. yaratiyor. introspectionu doğru yazdığımdan da emin değilim ama telaffuz ettiğiniz her beautiful hafif bir cinsel uyariyla süslenmiş, belli belirsiz bir utanç ve küçük düşme kaygılarıyla süslenmiş bir öfke gözeneği yaratarak introspection beyliğinin yaninda kendi beyliğini kurar.. televizyondaki tarih programinda "aslinda türkler çok hizli beylik kurarlar, göçebeydiler sonra 20 yilda devlet kurdular" sözlerini kendine profesör diyen ağızlardan duyunca inaniyorsunuz da bana niye inanmayacaksiniz? neyse işte bu küçük küçük öfkeler de birikir insani utanç taşlarından örülmüş bozgunlara götürür. şizofrenik bozgundan kaçma eğilimleri de beraberinde histerik ve depresif kişilikler doğurur. olaylar böyle gelişir. işte bu beautiful böyle sinsi ve yilansıdır. yine nitekim herşeyin temelinde dilbilgisi vardir ve elbette her doğru beautiful yazma eylemi düzeltici bir duygusal deneyim yaratir. ilkokullarda deftere ikiyüz kere "ali topu at" yerine, yirmi kere beautiful yazilsa memleket çok ilerler. sağlıklı dinine milletine bağlı annesine babasina saygili üç çocuk yapan nesiller büyür. bu meselenin hükümet programina alinmasini, tip fakültelerinde de uzmanlik sinavlarinda sorulmasini öneriyorum. böyle bende bu beautiful konusu. didaktik sonuçlarla, yerli yersiz kongreyşileyşins ve deleyşiyis yargilarla dolu.
yazımı esnasında içerisinde geçen u harfini devamlı unuttuğum, sonrasında yaşanan bir olay neticesinde o “u” harfini mıh gibi aklıma kazıyan ingilizce kelime. o olaya gelirsek üniversite, ingilizce hazırlık sınıfı. o güne kadar, beautiful kelimesini beatiful olarak kaydetmişim beynime.u harfini unutmak filan değil, ben kelimeyi beatiful olarak biliyorum. ilk vizeye girip çıkıyoruz. sınavda da fill in the blanks kısmında bir boşluğa beatiful yazıp geçiyorum. vize sonuçlarının açıklanmasıyla beraber sınav kağıtlarıda bize dağıtılıyor hatalarımızı görelim diye. beatiful kelimesini görüyorum, üstüne çarpı atılmış. şaşırıyorum, çünkü doğru cevabı vermeme rağmen puan alamamışım.bir yanlışlık olduğunu düşünüyorum. hayatımda sınav kağıdına hiç itiraz etmemiş biri olarak çekiniyorum hocaya söylemeye. hemen yanımdaki arkadaşımın kağıdını istiyorum, doğru cevap ne imiş diye. o kağıtta da beatiful yazıyor ve puan almış. bir yanlışlık olduğundan emin oluyorum ve hocaya durumu belirtiyorum, benim puanımı vermemişsiniz diye. hoca kağıdı alıyor ve u harfini çakıyor oraya, elimdeki bulunan arkadaşın kağıdına da çakıyor aynı u harfini ve puanı geri alıyor. arkadaşım durumu ters yorumluyor, sırf kendi notunu kırdırmak için hocaya söylediğimi düşünüyor. utanıyorum, mahcup oluyorum ve şimdilerde her akşam eve giderken sokağın başında bulunan beatiful bayan kuaförü levhasını görüp tebessüm ediyorum.
yıllarca kokusu geçmeyen bir parfüm. (bkz: estee lauder)
güzel bir triangle sun şarkısı. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun. the stars are looking down on you and me sweet breath of the wind — your smile all your worries are behind you don’t need them anymore we will enjoy the night and life so beautiful, to be here’s so beautiful by the summer night and music of the sea so beautiful, to be here’s so beautiful when your friends are around the taste of life is real time is running fast can we bring it back? please tell me if it’s a dream or not the music of this moment will always live inside of my heart and soul so beautiful, to be here’s so beautiful by the summer night and music of the sea so beautiful, to be here’s so beautiful when your friends are around the taste of life is real
herhalde masta ace'in şarkısı hariç dünyadaki bütün şarkıları ile ilgili entryler girilmiş kelime. masta ace'in şarkısı; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdhzjipif6c artık bunun gibilerini yapmıyorlar.
klibiyle insanda sadece tatile çıkma isteği uyandırmayan çok güzel snoop dogg şarkısı...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3s94m-njs6c
okunuşu için: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upphdsc6zee türkçesi: bu, gerçekten, çooook güzel (yekta kopan'ın sesinden)
80'lerin sonunda 90'ların başında doğan efsane neslin efsane parçasıdır snoop dogg versiyonu. afpsokakf şarkıdaki ''oh yeah, there's something about you...)'' sözünü ergen halimizle ''amını samını bajım'' diye anlar ve eğlenirdik. ergenlik işte. hala aklıma o komik ve garip yılları getirir.
"güzel"den ziyade "güzelliği olan" anlamına geldiğini düşündüğüm; ingilizlerin beau* kelimesine -ity (-lık, -lik) yapım ekini ekledikten sonra, "-ful" (-ı olan, -a sahip olan) yapım ekini ekleyerek oluşturduğu kelime.
estee lauder den bir parfum. sekerlidir. bana hediye etmislerdi... cok mutlu olmustum... sahi biz eskiden sevdigimiz insanlarla hediyelesirdik.
antidepresan kullanmak yerine depresyonu üzerinden para kazanmak isteyen bir rapçinin saçma şarkısı. şarkının en güzel bölümü şarkının son saniyesi; yani müziğin bittiği sessizlik celsesidir.
şahane bir eminem şarkısı.. "in my shoes, just to see what it's like, to be me i'll be you, let's trade shoes just to see what it'd be like"
