kimin söyledigini bilmedigim guzel bir country sarkisi.
toby keith ile willie nelson seslendirmektedir. (bkz: sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun) well a man come on the 6 o’clock news said somebody’s been shot, somebody’s been abused somebody blew up a building somebody stole a car somebody got away somebody didn’t get too far yeah they didn’t get too far grandpappy told my pappy, back in my day, son a man had to answer for the wicked that he done take all the rope in texas find a tall oak tree, round up all of them bad boys hang them high in the street for all the people to see that justice is the one thing you should always find you got to saddle up your boys you got to draw a hard line when the gun smoke settles we’ll sing a victory tune we’ll all meet back at the local saloon we’ll raise up our glasses against evil forces singing whiskey for my men, beer for my horses we got too many gangsters doing dirty deeds we’ve got too much corruption, too much crime in the streets it’s time the long arm of the law put a few more in the ground send ’em all to their maker and he’ll settle ’em down you can bet he’ll set ’em down ’cause justice is the one thing you should always find you got to saddle up your boys you got to draw a hard line when the gun smoke settles we’ll sing a victory tune we’ll all meet back at the local saloon we’ll raise up our glasses against evil forces singing whiskey for my men, beer for my horses justice is the one thing you should always find you got to saddle up your boys you got to draw a hard line when the gun smoke settles we’ll sing a victory tune we’ll all meet back at the local saloon we’ll raise up our glasses against evil forces singing whiskey for my men, beer for my horses
ing. bira için atlarım
amerikan country sanatçısı toby keith'in başrolünde oynadığı, 2008 yapımı, komedi olarak planlanıp, absürt olarak ortaya çıkmış sinama filmidir. aynı sanatçının, beer for my horses isimli şarkısı da olup şarkısı daha güzledir. aynı isimli şarkının da olması bana ibrahim tatlıses filmlerini anımsatmıştır. film ise sadece iki noktadan ilgi uyandırabilir; ilki willie nelson konuk oyuncudur. ikincisi ise güzeller güzeli claire forlanide filmdedir. bunun dışında zaman kaybıdır ben ettim siz etmeyin.
sallandıracaksın üç beş tanesini taksim meydanında tadında iki adet kıllanan adam tarafından söylenen eğlenceli şarkıdır.. severim...
