mükemmel 1 snowy white parçası,şiddetle tavsiye edilir.sözleri: saw you flying by flash of turquoise blue i just had to try to keep your life in view my bird of paradise sweet bird of paradise wish that i could fly i'd be beside you now but i can only sigh and watch you circle round my bird of paradise sweet bird of paradise my bird of paradise sweet bird of paradise my bird of paradise so you fly away when will you come again so i can watch you play in the pouring rain my bird of paradise sweet bird of paradise my bird of paradise sweet bird of paradise my bird of paradise
(bkz: bird of prey)
aslen bir charlie parker parçasi. "bird up: the charlie parker remix project " adli albümde system of a down dan serj tankian coverlayip seslendirmistir: "when i look for some stuff i relate to," explains tankian, "it's for a mood that intersects with something i feel inside and something from 'bird of paradise' just got me. like, wow. laid back, i feel like i'm in a little club, lots of smoke and people just jamming away their lives and souls. you get that vibe." tankian used sampling and note processing programs like sound forge and pro tools to layer beats and process guitar riffs, bass, sax and vocals. "i threw in a lot of little trinkets." aha sözleri: just a kiss from your lips and i'm... gone just a smile from your touch and i'm... gone just a touch from your words makes me whole, and the glance from your eyes says home. i see what you're doing you're piling it all up one by one pulling from the stars, drinking the teas, i see what you're doing you're piling it all up one by one pulling the i's pulling the t's and crossing them all out. just a kiss from your lips, just a smile from your touch and i'm... gone, just a touch from your words makes me whole, and a glance from your eyes says home. i see what you're doing you're piling it all up one by one pulling from the stars, drinking from the seas, i see what you're doing you're piling it all up one by one pulling the stars pulling the seas and crossing them all out. don't you want to be my love, can't we suddenly elope, try and cross the sea above, can't we suddenly all know, don't you want to be my love, can't we suddenly elope, try and cross the sea above, can't we suddenly all know, just a, just a kiss from your lips and i'm...
ing. cennet kusu. ayrica super bir snowy white * sarkisi.
bana feci halde brothers in armsı hatırlatan şarkı. ama hayvandır,yarar geçer adamı.
şahane bi latin parça jamie dunlap, scott nickolley, molly pasutti.. bird of paradise
