noel baba'nin is ortagiymis bir inanisa gore, bu kotu cocuklardan sorumlu devlet bakani imis.* konuyla ilgili ol sukela muhabbet soyle gecmektedir f-i thought you’d be taller..anyway i look at this and i see only one thing. i see one thing with you. here. trouble. f-so vincent..explain.. m- i lost my stuff f-stuff? your stuff? m-yeah f-i want you to listen to me real well..special teams put together that list of “dedos” m-dedos? f-fingers..informants..signal intercepts, voice recognizing software, surveillance..very expensive counterintel produced that list. an important list wouldn’t you say? and you lost it? m-i’m sorry f- sorry? sorry doesn’t put back together humpty dumpty..do you believe in humpty dumpty? m-no f- do you believe in santa claus? m-no f-neither do i.but my children do. they are still small. but do you know who they like even better than santa claus? his helper, pedro negro. black peter. there’s an old mexican tale that tells of how santa claus got so busy looking out for the good children that he had to hire some help to look out for the bad children. so he hired pedro. and santa claus gave him a list with all the names of all the bad children, and pedro would come every night to check them out. and the people, the kids that were misbehaving , that were not saying their prayers , pedro would leave a little wooden donkey on their windows. and he would come back and if the children were still misbehaving, he would take them away and nobody would ever see them again. now, if i am santa claus, and you are pedro, how do you think jolly old santa claus would feel if one day pedro came into his office and said “i lost the list” ? how fucking furious do you think santa claus would get? so tell me vincent.. tell me what do you think. m- i think… f- what? m-i think you should tell the man behind me to put that gun away.. f-what did you say? m-i said tell him to put that gun away before i take it and beat his bitch ass to death with it i picked up a tail f-federals? m-you tell me.. how do i know? so i tossed the list and work-ups to protect..in part..your hermes facconable sorry ass. you think i like comin’ here? like i got stupid all of an instant? shit happens..you gotta roll with it..darwin. i ching. f- has uh..? m-the fat man, the penthouse man, the jazz guy..it leaves two.. f-can you finish? m-in sex years have i ever not? f-(flash diski verirkene) the last two..do not fail m-i never do as a token of appreciation i want to give you offer you a discount. yeah all my services here tonight..twenty five percent off f-twenty five m-well make it fifty f-very generous m-by the way..daniel said he was sorry..
