sözleri de şöyledir: they call me white devil, black jesus, heaven closes, hell freezes, ego's trippin', scripts keep flippin' bloods keep bloodin', crips keep crippin' time keeps slippin' and i keep fallin' i can't see but i hear them callin', ballers ballin' players playin', haters fightin', righteous praying dawn breaking, manhattan keeps making, brooklyn keeps takin' shook ones keep shakin', no time for fakin' know what i mean ain't choppin' no pies, just risin' like cream if you're digging the scene, if you feelin' the vibes, throw your hands in the air, scream out you're alive, singin' na na nana na na singin' na na nana na na (repeat) black jesus, white moses, heaven freezes, hell closes b.boy poses and punk rock chicks, the kids are all right but i need my fix if you're diggin' the mix, if you're feelin' the drugs if you're keepin' it real if you're livin' like thugs, i spit kisses and hugs like 45 slugs come back on the one and kiss my love gun gotta look that will kill, a voice that will carry, half a dozen women i think i wanna marry, trouble on my mind, refusin' to lose still i've gotta find someone to abuse so won't you run spread the news help say the word and jump the fuck back and act like you heard chorus they call me white devil, black jesus, heaven closes hell freezes, black jesus, white moses, heaven freezes hell closes, singin' na na nana na na singin' (repeat) they call me white sinner, black martyr, live wire fire starter, jungle brother, red neck cracker, freak of nature new world slacker, sex junkie lookin' for a dealer you can play the leaper girl and i can play the healer shit is only getting realer baby haven't you heard that the bird, bird, bird, yes the bird is the word they go one for the trouble, two for the time, three for my homies and four for the dimes, singin' lemons to the lime till the break of dawn excuse me every six minutes everlast you're on, and they go on and on like a rolling stone, baby anywhere i lay my hat is my home chorus they call me white devil, black jesus, heaven closes hell freezes, black jesus, white moses, heaven freezes hell closes, singin' na na nana na na singing (repeat)
sözleri şöyledir de soyleyen kimdir? elbette everlast adındaki abimiz grubumuz falandır.
"na na nana na singing" kismini kendi capimda dinlenir dinlenmez akla kazinan melodiler anketine koydugum $arki.
tupac*'ın still i rise albümünden bir parça..jesus yerine jesuz diye de geçiyor.. (bkz: versin sozlerini biri)*
aslen daha önce unreleased olarak piyasaya çıkan ve öldükten sonra remixlenerek still i rise albümüne dahil edilmiş şarkı. bana göre ilk hali daha güzel remix şarkının özelliğini yitirtmiş biraz.
(bkz: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihpxq8xbuya)
(bkz: zenci isa)
(bkz: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkikkxm6mlk)
jay smith'in de harika yorumladığı sıkı şarkı.
everlast'in çarpıcı sözlerle sahip belki de one hit wonder'ıdır. çıktığından beri sürekli dinlemekteyim. tabii yüklediğim anlamlar senelerle beraber de değişti.
