"kıçından ter akarak kesmesi gereken kabloyu seçen bombacı" konulu eski 486 oyunu.
bir overkill - bloodletting şarkısı. when it extends itself to the point of breaking and deep inside you know your demon's waking blow it away in color red and redder break tomorrow as mother turns her back in broken sorrow blow it away when you are all that's left [ch] embrace your enemies, embrace your fear embrace what you disobey kill what complicates you, hold it near blow it away [br] complicated, overrated leaning on the reason of one in quiet desperation you are clinging to the safety of the gun in light the dark becomes illuminated fear in white the black becomes what you are holding near and deep inside your guts are turning churning to the tune, what you've become [ch]
sick of it allun yours truly den giriş parçası down is where they want to see you down is where they want to keep you down, somber and silent faith is used against you faith is a line that they feed you faith is only a word don't believe their empty lies fear is how they grip you fear is fixed inside you fear of unacceptance same old story will we ever learn fall for the cliches all over again with a calculating coldness it never ends their indifference just blows me away down is where they want to see you down is where they want to keep you down, somber and silent faith is used against you faith is a line that they feed you faith is only a word you can only save yourself fear is how they grip you fear is fixed inside you fear of unacceptance i can tell you what's at stake 'till i'm blue in the face your blind acceptance blows me away what is it that we haven't said or haven't done or are you turning a deaf ear to these words you sit unknowing with your pathetic apathy you may have grown to accept this, but not me you shut your eyes to the truth but i've seen the evil that men do the answer staring you right in the face another generation fooled it blows me away blows me away blows me away blows me away blows me away blown away
bu filmde dünyanın en salak küçük kızı vardır. iyi niyetli, ilkokul seviyesinde ve şirin ama daha sağını solunu bilmiyor; bir sahnede 2 kere arka arkaya evi yakar gibi oluyor. nedense aklımda bütün o patlama sahnelerine rağmen bu kalmış. jeff bridges ın babası rahmetli lloyd bridges de oynuyor bu filmde.
muhtesem boston manzaralari ile baslayan bir filmdi.
mest te peyote de sık sık çalar. sevilir, vodka redbull ile iyi gider.
steve steigman tarafından, maxell için çekilmiş logo resmidir. firik sanat yönetmeni lars anderson'a ait olsa da steve steigman bu resmi çektiğini herkese duyurmuştur. hatta bunun için bir uçak bile kiralayıp arkasına resmi ve kendi adını yazıp gezdirmiş. resimde jbl l100 önünde oturan bir adamın blown away oluşu tasvir edilmiştir. pop art kültürünün güzel bir ürünüdür. (bkz: http://www.audioheritage.org/…l/extracts/maxell.jpg)
akon ve styles p. den güzel bir parça. [akon] cheh [styles p] this shit is crazy crazy [akon] it's one of those things man you gotta experience to know what i'm talkin' about ha ha it's where the goin' get rough [styles p] akon [akon] the tough stay tough [styles p] styles p [akon] up front let's go konvict [akon] we in too deep to turn back now d [styles p] sure is [akon] watch yourself before you get blown away [styles p] you know where i come from the place where your fate is a mic or a bull or a dum dum a jail cell a pine box and brothers is dumb young (young boys) still bustin' guns for the slum that they come from cops is the only ones they gon' run from (that's it) they puttin' they hood up but 9 out of 10 of us ain't got good luck you gon' ride on a man and catch 25 or get hit and get sent to the other side you lose both sides of the coin so me i play the hood baby not in the grain mama got a little church i could join but i didn't go yet man got a mosque i could join but i didn't go yet cool with the devil on my back i'm in cold sweats bout to do some dirt in some dirty black old sweats if you known you shoulda shown the way mosta the hood bout to get blown away [akon] cause i was raised up to show no fear cowardly hearts'll never last long here if you ain't man enough to make shit clear guaranteed you'll get blown away cause i done seen the block break down tears and i done seen the cops break my peers tryin' to hold on to a couple more years tryin' not to get blown away see i ain't never shot nobody but i'm known for fightin' so when i strike man you'll think you been struck by lightning shouldn't have to prove myself by killin' a nigga even a child could figure like how to pull the trigga retaliation only takes anger mixed with passion so you target in the distance and keep on blastin' they say guns don't kill people, people do so when you're hit man you feel that shit the evils do can't see myself gettin' beat down my eyes swollen mom's cryin' they don't know what happened my pride's stolen if i ain't got my heat then i got a blade that hit ya off cause i was raised up to show no fear cowardly hearts'll never last long here if you ain't man enough to make shit clear guaranteed you'll get blown away cause i done seen the block break down tears and i done seen the cops break my peers tryin' to hold on to a couple more years tryin' not to get blown away keep my eye out for jakes ears to the streets other eye out for snakes and these scandalous freaks if we ain't on good terms don't bother to speak don't smile and try to spark a convo with me same thing'll make ya laugh it'll make ya cry this quiet nigga, he'll take ya life hate for it to be the world's sacrifice if somebody else could travel through the tunnel of life cause i'm that type of guy i'll be there when you're ridin' but i'll stay to myself so if you see me out there with a bear we fightin' then nigga go help the bear cause i was raised up to show no fear cowardly hearts'll never last long here if you ain't man enough to make shit clear guaranteed you'll get blown away cause i done seen the block break down tears and i done seen the cops break my peers tryin' to hold on to a couple more years tryin' not to get blown away
ağır ağır, ballad tadında ama çok da yumuşamadan giden bir overkill şarkısı. böyle şahane bir de solosu var ki dinlesen aklın gider sevgili okuyucu. benim ki hepten gitti mesela; şu yaz akşamında çıkıp ortamlarda gezeceğime, manitalara bakacağıma oturdum bilgisayarın başına mal gibi yazı yazıyorum, bir yandan da overkill dinliyorum....
askerde, kaçak yollarla kışlaya sokulmuş mp3 playerdan en çok bu şarkıyı dinledim ben. dinledikçe ağladım, ağladıkça sinirlendim ranzaları yumrukladım, niye bilmiyorum. overkill'in olanını tabi.
gorduklerime sok oldum'un ingilizcesi.
bir sivert hoyem şarkısı. blown away, blown away and waiting blown away and waiting on a fair wind sweeping through my window will you move me like you did once more? blown away, i'm blown away feeling everything, with you blown away, blown away and waiting blown away and waiting on i'm blown away, yet you're always with me still you can say what you will now, but it's wrong is the love i give just a trinket to you? kept with all your playthings, and dreams that were new somewhere in a dream life that never comes true if we can't dream it up again then what do we do?
aynı zamanda csi miami onuncu sezon üçüncü bölümünün adı.
bi de carrie underwood'un bu isimde bi sarkisi var ki hem ritmine hem de o kucucuk sarkiya sigdirilan hikayeye bayildim. there's not enough rain/wind in oklahoma deyislerine hasta oldum. kantri mantri her turlu gideri var yani. ahan da sozleri*: dry lightning cracks across the skies those storm clouds gather in her eyes daddy was mean ole mister mama was an angel in the ground the weather man called for a twister she prayed blow it down there’s not enough rain in oklahoma to wash the sins out of that house there’s not enough wind in oklahoma to rip the nails out of the past [chorus] shatter every window till it’s all blown away, every brick, every board, every slamming door flown away till there’s nothing left standing, nothing left to yesterday every tear-soaked whiskey memory blown away, blown away she heard those sirens screaming out her daddy laid there passed out on the couch she locked herself in the cellar listened to the screaming of the wind some people called it taking shelter she called it sweet revenge [chorus] shatter every window till it’s all blown away, every brick, every board, every slamming door flown away till there’s nothing left standing, nothing left to yesterday every tear-soaked whiskey memory blown away, blown away [outro] there’s not enough rain in oklahoma to wash the sins out of that house there’s not enough wind in oklahoma to rip the nails out of the past shatter every window till it’s all blown away, (blown away) every brick, every board, every slamming door flown away (flown away) till there’s nothing left standing, nothing left to yesterday every tear-soaked whiskey memory blown away, blown away, blown away, blown away, blown away
