tori amos vokaliyle renklenmiş bt güzelliği. kazaa'dan 138 farklı remixini bulmanız mümkün. deep dish ve paul oakenfold'un marifeti olanlar akıllara zarardır.
(bkz: skyy blue)
sözleri tori amos'a aittir ancak daha çok cut-copy-paste şeklinde doğmuş bir şarkıdır. brian* olayı şöyle anlatır: "tori put the cd on, and sang for 15 minutes over an unreleased version of divinity (last song on the album ima) at a soundcheck for a show, and sent me the dat without ever even listening to it. there was a note attached that said, "brian, listen to this," and i took it and took literally every phrase and every breath and cut it into pieces to make a song out of it. she sang the words "blue" and "sky" next to each other one time in the whole thing, and i cut, glued, pasted, and made this thing that ebbed and flowed like a song." dj times feb. 1997 yeah heah heah hea those blue skies are ahead blue skies are in my head all the town clocks and marching soldier's socks i say, "let's go let's go let's go to this magic wonder show" and i'm walking and crawling and so tired i'm insane i, i, i,iiii i, i, i see blue skies are in my head said, blue skies are up ahead said, blue skies are in my head said, blue skies are up ahead beachwood says he'd like you in the street so like you in the street in the lullabies just when she sings like you in the street said, like you in the street in the lullabies you can go just where she's going blue skies are in my head said, blue skies are up ahead said, blue skies are in my head said, blue skies are up ahead blue skies blue skies are up ahead need a little joy need a little joy need a little joy and i have a baby boy and need a little joy need a little joy need a little joy and some dancing need a little joy come on baby boy come on blue skies blue skies, oh say blue skies are in my... blue skies are in my head said, blue skies are up ahead said, blue skies are in my head said, blue skies are up ahead
(bkz: blue sky)
(bkz: peruvian skies)
(bkz: blue skies bring tears)
(bkz: blue skies for everyone)
bir tom waits sarkisi, gencecik sesiyle, sakin sakin sikayet eden, "yataktan cikmam icin masmavi gökyüzünden daha iyi bir sebep söylemen lazim" diyen: blue skies over my head give me another reason to get out of bed and blue skies shine on my face give me another woman to take her place ain't got no money, cubards are bare no cigarettes and the kids got nothing to wear she walked out without a word now the only sound left is the morning bird singing blue skies over my head give me another reason to get out of bed and blue skies shine on my face give me another woman to take her place blue skies over my head give me another reason to get out of bed and blue skies shine on my face give me another woman to take her place give me another woman to take her place
lady and birdden keren ann ve bardi johannson şarkısı blue skies are in the middle of a winter storm while your blue eyes are looking at me like before still those blue skies are in the middle of a winter storm while your blue eyes are looking at me like before i find you i find you happy for today i mind you i mind you ever going to stay blue skies are in the middle of a winter storm while your blue eyes are looking at me like before still those blue skies are in the middle of a winter storm while your blue eyes are looking at me like before i find you i find you happy for today i mind you i mind you ever going to stay through the window of my neighbours there are fallen leaves in my pillow there are feathers i will wait until the morning light watch me before i go go tonight if the wind blows on my window there are fallen leaves watch me before i go go tonight
(bkz: goodbye blue sky)
sözleri irving berlin'e ait olan, frank sinatra'nın seslendirdiği, insanın parmak uçlarında uçarcasına dans etmek istediği şarkılardan bir tanesi blue skies, smilin' at me nothin' but blues skies do i see bluebirds singing a song nothin' but bluebirds all day long never saw the sun shinin' so bright never saw things goin' so right noticin' the days hurrying by when you're in love, my how they fly blue days, all of them gone nothin' but blue skies from now on
2009'un belkı de en melankolık albumlerınden bırıne ımza atan noah and the whale sarkısı. sozler cok basarılı olmus. this is a song for anyone with a broken heart this is a song for anyone who can't get out of bed i'll do anything to be happy oh cause blue skies are calling but i know that it's hard this is the last song that i write while still in love with you this is the last song that i write while you're even on my mind cause it's time to leave those feelings behind oh cause blue skies are calling but i know that it's hard i don't think that it's the end but i know we can't keep going i don't think that it's the end but i know we can't keep going but blue skies are calling oh yeah blue skies are calling oh blue skies are calling but i know that it's hard
fallout 3'e, gnr'a yakisir bir sarkidir irving berlin/frank sinatra versiyonu. nothing but blue skies. daha ironik olamazdi.
albert hammond jr tarafından da söylenen bir blue skies vardır ve yours to keep albümünün 5. şarkısıdır. there are things i could've told you there's a time and a place where my words, would allow me to say what i want change don't let me know know as its happening don't let me know what you said there are birds all around me there were flowers pressed to my face and in time you will forget me and i'll try and do the same don't let me know know as its happening don't let me know what you said it's been years since i saw you but each day i see your face and in time you will remind me, that i wish were the same don't let me know know as its happening don't let me know what you said
jamiroquai'ın 1 kasımda piyasaya sürülecek rock dust light star albümünün yayınlanan üçüncü parçası. parça gerçekten çok güzel. ilk dinleyişte insan bir garipsiyor ama sonra anlaşılıyor ne kadar kalite olduğu. kaliteli pop çalışmalarından hoşlanan ve jamiroquai fanlarının acilen dinlemesini öneriyorum.
white knuckle ride klibinin devamı niteliğinde bir klibe sahip şarkı. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afnpqcee16o
jamiroquai'nin neredeyse her albümünde bir tane bulunan sakin ballad'ların rock dust light star'daki versiyonu. bir tallulah gibi ilk dinlenildiği anda kendine hasta etmiyor olsa da dinledikçe açılan ve zamanla baya iyi ki bu dedirten bir havaya sahip. e bari sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun: so these are the figurines acting out all the scenes before my eyes i thought i knew them all by name but they started looking much the same and it’s no surprise but i don’t wanna listen too much how can i give up on all the days i know i’ve won there’s nothing but rainbows i believe in the shadows now honey thought i might be dropping out but now i am gonna work it out i am gonna work with me i am runnin’ like it …looser then i’m rolling like sea rusty ship on a stormy sea you know that people are saying strange things talk to the hand ’cause i know you think the face is gone i don’t wanna listen too much i’m not gonna give up on all the days i know i’ve won there’s nothing but blue sky there’s nothing but blue sky nothings gonna stop me now i am skimming like a skipping stone on a silver lake i take it when the chips are down but to play the perfect happy clown you gotta make a mistake (gotta make mistakes) people are saying strange things and i don’t wanna listen (i don’t wanna listen) too much yeah nothing but blue sky blue sky how can i tell you i know this wont be the last song i don’t wanna listen (i don’t wanna listen) too much not gonna give up on the days i know i’ve won that’s where i am going ’cause there is nothing nothing but blue sky that’s where i am going nothing but rainbows falling down on me …uh yeah hey nothing but blue sky can’t you see that’s where i am going got to believe me that’s where i am going
kanımca white knuckle ride'la birlikte albümün en iyi 2 parçasından biridir. (bkz: jamiroquai) (bkz: rock dust light star)
noah and the whale'in çalıp söylediği kaç seferdir tesadüfen denk geliyor, durup dururken içimi burkuyor.
flux pavilion'ın yaptığı remixin allahtan daha kutsal olduğu harika jamiroquai şarkısı
jaymay'in kanımca en güzel şarkısıdır. sözleri de şöyledir: too attuned too in step with the obvious too at ease and strange so amused and i'm always jealous of you people never change nothing but blue skies always on my mind blue skies on my mind i promised your blue eyes i'd never be unkind there will always be there will always be unkind people now and then i'm wishing i never let you let me disappear take me off this stage i don't get it at all over while we're both still here nothing but blue skies always on my mind blue skies on my mind i promised your blue eyes i'd never be unkind there will always be there will always be unkind people stars on my left stars on my right you and the moon in the dead of night faith brings me back to the place i met you i bet you miss me sometimes, sometimes nothing but blue skies always on my mind blue skies on my mind i promised your blue eyes i'd never be unkind there will always be there will always be unkind people http://www.youtube.com/…pf8xwwgkrbu&feature=related
flux pavilion'ın jamiroquai versiyonuna yaptığı remixi orijinalinden bambaşka ve muhteşemdir. mutlu bir melankoliye iter. ilk dinlediğinde nostalji yaşatan şarkı.
elektronik ve cırtlak müziklerden nefret eden beni bile kendine bağlamayı başarmış flux pavilion parçası. tam demini alarak tüketmek için jamiroquai remixini tavsiye ederim.
jamiroquai'nin gerek sözleri, gerekse videosuyla uzaklara kaçıp gitme isteği uyandıran şarkısı.
keman partilerine kurban jamiroquai şarkısı.
