bir roger miret and the disasters şarkısı. a riot boy i just don't give a shit wasting your time i ain't listening pc punks fuck off! shove your fuckin dove evil is the bastard that's gonna spit in your face boots and braces we're out again drank a bit much don't give a damn boys! boys will be boys they will be boys... oooley oley oley oleeeey oooleeey oooley ooleeey... fought the law ain't never been sorry a rock n roll thug out for glory chaos is my life, violence makes me tick steering up the boys and getting ready for a fight
"çocuktan çocukluk yapmasından başka ne beklersin" anlamında bir deyim olarak da kullanılır. genelde de yetişkin erkekler çocukça davrandıklarında söylenir.
(bkz: friends will be friends)
the ordinary boys'un pek şahane, goldfrapp coverı da mutlaka dinlenip hatmedilesi şarkısı. bu dinleme esnasında eşlik etmek isteyenler için de sözleri şöyledir: i've had nights i will never forget i've had nights i will always regret but i can take it on the chin and say boys will be boys there's been girls that have stolen our hearts but their arms couldn't simply be prized apart they will never never let us in and say boys will be boys boys will be boys we cheat and we lie boys will be boys i've had nights i will never forget i've had nights i will always regret they will never let us in and say boys will be boys boys will be boys we cheat and we lie boys will be boys boys will be boys
aynı zamanda bir blue heelers bölümü.
aynı zamanda baywatch dokuzuncu sezon on dördüncü bölümünün adı.
şimşek gibi bir undertones şarkısı. sözleri: boys - john's gone he's left on a bus will be boys - in a hurry he's forgotten about us boys - even billy's getting confused will be boys - he's got the girl now he's nothing to loose oh boy boys - its all over and never again will be boys - to be a confrontation like there was just then boys - one girl in the neighbourhood will be boys - two boys and one's no good oh boy boys - will be boys boys - i wanna dance i wanna dance with you will be boys - take you home and kiss you to boys - go steady and show you around will be boys - maybe tomorrow we can go downtown oh boy boys - this time is my first time to will be boys - i never thought it with a girl like you boys - its not what i expected but i don't care will be boys - its a genuine teenage love affair oh boy
assassins creed 2'nin ilk bölümü, ezio auditore'nin doğumundan sonraki ilk dna parçası.
