(bkz: breakthru)
pink floyd uyesi * rick wright in solo albumu broken china daki son sarki. david gilmour in concert adli konser kaydindaki akustik yorumu da mukemmeldir.sozleri soyledir: i can take or leave it, won’t be the woebegone don’t need a model universe to hang your pictures on. you hide somewhere, you die somewhere and then this senseless thought, by hating more you’re feeling more and that’s how you get caught. they’re never going to make it easy of this you can be sure. i greet you from the wilderness, i’ll stay inside your door. there’s no cage or prison, they have no fence too tall, you die more times that anyone, there’s still no place to fall. they’re never going to keep it simple this comes down from above. i have no helm, no secret realm, i dream to be at the heart of love, a part of love. i bet you can conceal it, but that’s just a dead-end track, i’ll cover you like the driven snow and then i’ll bring you back. you’ll see ! you feel like, you feel like a banner, unfurled and gently blown, and there before your opening eyes the self you’ve never known. they’re never going to make it easy of this you can be sure. you feel untied, beatified and loved for evermore
modest mouse şarkısı.. klasik bir modest mouse şarkısı, yine pixies kokuyor.. oh let it breakthrough.. oh.. sözleri ; i got one two three four five, six, six, six running round the neighborhood perjorative, "jinx." he said the groom's down on me cuz he ate the rice it was well intentioned but bad advice hell yeah, yeah, yeah let it breakthrough, oh let breakthrough [x4] open the curtain and let in some sky it's almost half past two, and you can tell by the light open your window, and let in the atmosphere! let it breakthrough, oh let breakthrough [x4] open the curtain and let in some sky it's almost half past two, and you can tell by the light open your window, and let in the atmosphere! let it breakthrough, oh let breakthrough [x4] i was inverted, i mean converted i mean i don't understand
(bkz: break on through to the other side)
bir atomic rooster $arkisi. sözlerini de yazayim tam olsun: an invisible prison encircles my mind. i wait for a vision,i search for a sign. an invisible prison is built around me, there may be a god,but there isn't a key. i got to break-out,i have to be free. i got to break-out,it's stifling me. help me! i got to make a breakthrough, i got to make a breakthrough, i got to make a breakthrough, i got to make a breakthrough. now! i must find a way,i must find a way, i must find a way,out of here. an invisible prison,i cannot escape. with walls i can't see,with walls i can't break. an invisible prison,how can i be free? there isn't a god,for the jailer is me. i got to break-out,i have to be free. i got to break out,it's stifling me. help me! i got to make a breakthrough i got to make a breakthrough, i got to make a breakthrough, i got to make a breakthrough, now! i must find a way,i must find a way, i must find a way out of here. there's got to be a way,yeah,there's got to be a way, there's got to be a way on out of here,babe,yeah. i can't find a way,i can't find a way, i can't find a way out of here. there must be a way,there must be a way, there must be a way out of here. let me out,let me out,let me out please! oh,there must be a way,there must be a way, there must be a way out of here.
ing. 1. harekat/buluş. 2. (düşmana yapılan) ani saldırı. hücum. ani atak. 3. cepheyi yarıp geçme, hamle. 4. büyük bir ilerleme ya da buluş.
mary j blige albümü için (bkz: the breakthrough)
şu sıralar yeni bir solo albüm hazırlığında olan richard wright'ın ikinci solo albümü olan broken china'nın en dikkat çekici şarkısı. özellikle albüm kaydından farklı olarak saksofon ve gitar solo içeren david gilmour in concert'taki yorumu çok hoştur, albüm kaydında ise sinead o'connor tarafından seslendirilmiştir.
latvialı parapsikolog yazar konstantin raudive'in yazmış olduğu, elektronik ses fenomeni* üzerine bir kitap. yanında ses kayıtları ve bunları açıklayan iki kişi tarafından kaydedilmiş bir plak (ya da kaset) de bulunuyor. kitabın ismi tam olarak şu şekildedir: breakthrough: an amazing experiment in electronic communication with the dead kitabın ilk iki chapter'ına şuradan ulaşabilirsiniz: http://www.worlditc.org/c_03_raudive_break_ch1.htm http://www.worlditc.org/c_03_raudive_break_ch2.htm
(bkz: blitzkrieg)
ken grimwood'un 1976 yılında yayınlanmış ilk kitabının adı. türkçeye bu ay 'kayboluş' adıyla çevrildi. ayrıntılı bilgi için: http://kedilervekitaplar.blogspot.com/…-bastan.html
ken grimwood' un insanın başına ne gelirse meraktan gelebileceğini anlattığı kitap.
harikulade bir rick wright şarkısıdır. by hating more you're feelin more and that's how you get caught.
david gilmour' un tarifsiz bir gitar solosuna imza attığı şarkıdır aynı zamanda, bu vurucu sözlere sahip rick wright şarkısı. "i can take or leave it, won't be the woebegone, don't need a model universe to hang your pictures on. you hide somewhere, you die somewhere and then this senseless thought, by hating more you're feeling more and that's how you get caught." "they're never going to make it easy of this you can be sure. i greet you from your wilderness, i'll stay inside your door." "there is no cage or prison, they have no fence too tall, you die more times than anyone, there's still no place to fall." "they're never going to keep it simple this comes down from above. i have no helm, no secret realm, i dream to be at the heart of love, a part of love. " "i bet you can conceal it, but that's just a dead-end track, i'll cover you like the driven snow and then i'll bring you back. you'll see! you feel like, you feel like a banner, unfurled and gently blown, and there before your opening eyes the self you've never known. " "they're never going to make it easy of this you can be sure you feel untied, beatified and loved for evermore."
bombok bi kitap.koridor yayınları vazgeçilmezi olarak çeviri yine sıçık
nerdeyse ilk 150 sayfasının cok sıkıcı geçtiği, nerdeyse "ulan bıraksam mı?" noktasına geldiğin sonrasında acaip güzelleşen bir ken grimwood şaheseri daha.
baştan sona sürükleyici, kanınızı donduracak kadar heyecan verici ken grimwood romanı. (bkz: kayboluş) --- spoiler --- romanın son bölümünde elizabeth'in jenny'nin içinde hapsolduğunda ki çaresizliği o kadar muhteşem anlatılıyor ki, korkusuna, çaresizliğine ortak ediyor sizi.* --- spoiler ---
ing. atılım, ilerleme, büyük buluş. isim görevindedir: 'this is a real breakthrough'
