foo fightersın there is nothing left to lose isimli albümlerinde bulunan güzide bir parça olup, cumartesi geceleri eski bronx a gidilerek hücumkediden canlı olarak dinlenebilir. davulları pek lezizdir. aksak bir 10 saniye ihtiva eder ki insan ifade güçlüğü çeker... (bkz: hastasıyım)
(bkz: sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun) you make me dizzy running circles in my head one of these days i'll chase you down well look who's going crazy now we're face to face my friend better get out better get out you know you make me break out make me break out i don’t want to look like that i don’t want to look like that you know you make me break out make me break out i don’t want to look like that i don’t want to look like that you know you make me break out you can see this on my face it's all for you the more and more i take i break right through therapy still scares me putting me on my back again i may be crazy, little frayed around the ends one of these days i'll phase you out burn it in the blast off burn it in the blast off watching me crawl away try to get out try to get out you know you make me break out make me break outi don’t want to look like that i don’t want to look like that you know you make me break out make me break out i don’t want to look like that i don’t want to look like thatyeah i don’t want to look like that break out break out break out break out go, go, go you know you make me break out make me break out i don’t want to look like that i don’t want to look like that you know you make me break out make me break out i don’t want to look like that i don’t want to look like that yeah i don’t want to look like that i don’t want to look like that you know you make me break out make me break out make me break out yeah
bon jovi'nin kendisi ile ayni ismi tasiyan albumunde bulunan bir parca. this time girl i've had enough you're too hot to handle with kid gloves it's too late i hear a knock on the door the game's over baby i can't take it no more chorus: breakout, breakout take these chains from me you held my heart for ransom baby, set it free breakout, breakout your lies can't hide what i see i'm better off on my own promises made me in the heat of the night (whoa-oh-oh) those words were broken under bedroom lights (whoa-oh) your lips they burn your body calls my name (whoa-oh) i can feel the fire but it's all in vain (whoa-oh) chorus you say we'll meet around midnight you're gonna make me feel oh so right i'm saying oh no not tonight you gotta let me go chorus you say we'll meet around midnight you're gonna make me feel oh so right i'm saying oh no not tonight you gotta let me go
(bkz: break out)
(bkz: outbreak)
(bkz: sivilce)
kesinlikle klibi izlenmesi gereken şarkı. köpekle yaşanılan sahne kopartıyor:)
black sabbath'in 1978 tarihli never say die albumunden enstrumental bir sarki.
commodore 64te surekli oynandigim cok zevkli bir oyundur...
sean paul'un the trinity albümünden patlamaya hazır hit kıvamında super parçası.
(bkz: n.e.r.d) (bkz: sözlerini de yazayim tam olsun) it just happened so what? but they're all laughin' what's up? why the tears? have no fear we are here for you but i know how you feel, i know how you feel when no-one cares if you feel just like i feel, push people everything's plastic, nothing's real, push people fuck your lover makes not steal, push people we're just dancin, no big deal, push people hey just let the bullshit pass, push people or we'll skateboard your ass,push people got my balls, my wheels, push people we're just dancin', no big deal, push people breakout (12 x) just breakaway.... all you can be is just you cause you're real not the plasic type. but reality sets and you're stuck in this plastic life. why the tears? we're all here for you but i know how you feel, i know how you feel and i do care. break out (12 x) just breakway... hey! shit happens, hey, just blow it off, whooo, man, but don't it make you feel rage, rage, yeah, whooo hey! shit happens,u-uh,just blow it off,whooo, yeah, but don't it make you feel rage, rage ,yeah, whoo just as long we got the same thing in our veins, you and i ,we are both the same i bail you out and show you what you should see one love, n*e*r*d, peace.
başrollerinde charles bronson, robert duvall ve john huston gibi oyuncuların oynadığı sıkı bir macera filmi. http://oncewestern.blogspot.com/…0/06/breakout.html
