avantasia the metal opera part 1 albümünden bir şarkı. [lugaid] don't wait my friend. we better don't think twice. time to fell the prison guard you gotta realize: no turning back again. therefor it's all too late... new horizons wait... i know the time has come te leave your past behind. and now the time has come to stop them controlling your mind. [gabriel] breaking away! all we can do now is break away. otherwise she will be dying while both of us are lying here in chains. breaking away! all we can do now is break away! oh - otherwise she will be dying while both of us are lying here in chains. always been a novice in quest for paradise. hope they will forgive me for i apostatize. i can't be no hypocrite, can't wear a masquerade... new horizons wait... [lugaid and gabriel] and now the time has come to go another way. to learn for life and to grow ripe and prevent the decay... [gabriel] breaking away! all we can do now is break away. otherwise she will be dying while both of us are lying here in chains. breaking away! all we can do now is break away! oh - otherwise she will be dying while both of us are lying here in chains. breaking away! it is so hard to lay down what i've been. but i must go even if my way leads to hades... breaking away! all we can do now is break away. otherwise she will be dying while both of us are lying here in chains. breaking away! all we can do now is break away! oh - otherwise she will be dying while both of us are lying here in chains.
shaun escoffery'nin koop'un jazz remixiyle şahane olmuş bir şarkısı.
hoş bir y&t şarkısı. a promise weakened by the hands of time honest, i meant it when i said be mine eternal love was a dream l hoped we could share i could be wrong but it seems love that's strong just ain't there i'm coming into myself it may leave you far behind i'm changing my world breaking away breaking away and it's breaking your heart breaking away and it's breaking your heart sorry - is something i don't want to say heartache - with no one to blame living a lie could be our mistake i can't deny love's a feeling i just won't fake i'm coming into myself it may leave you far behind i'm changing my world breaking away breaking away and it's breaking your heart breaking away and it's breaking your heart breaking away and it's breaking your heart oh baby, yes.. breaking away and it's breaking your heart baby - i never wanted to hurt you i know you're confused well baby i am too if the feeling we share could be less than true then let's not deny the love you and i had is through i'm coming into myself it may leave you far behind i'm changing my world breaking away breaking away and it's breaking your heart breaking away and it's breaking your heart breaking away and it's breaking your heart oh baby yeah.. breaking away and it's breaking your heart breaking away and it's breaking your heart oh, i'm sorry baby.. breaking away and it's breaking your heart, yes breaking away
hollywood'un pek ilgilenmediği bir konu olan bisikletlerle ilgili herhalde gelmiş geçmiş en iyi film. filmin asıl konusu hayat ve hedefler, bisikletler aracılığıyla hayatın içinden ve son derece doğal bir şekilde anlatılmış. filme tatlı bir hava katan müzikleri, çok kaliteli çekimler ve özellikle başrolde oynayan dennis christopher'ın başarısıyla gerçekten harika ve izlenmesi gereken bir film yakalanmış. özellikle bisikletle biraz ilgilenenlerin çok daha fazla sevebileceği bir film haliyle.
ratatat'ın aynı adlı albümünden, muhteşemlikte ilk 3'e oynayan parçalarından biri. yavaş başlayıp sonra coşan cinsten. diğerleri için (bkz: seventeen years) (bkz: spanish armada) linkini de vereyim tam olsun: http://fizy.com/s/1bjoe2
güzide bir owen şarkısı olmakla beraber çok güzel bir desclans well cover ı bulunmaktadır. şarkının sözleri pek güzel. well just between, you and me, i don't know what i'm doing here. in your room, close to you, full of shit and free beer. well my brother, the bartender, i tip him well and i drink for free. he takes good care of me, he takes good care of me, either way i'm here. i'm a bicycle, i'm too tired to ride home. if it's okay with you, can i take off these shoes and stay the night? well just between, you and me, this thing between you and me, may not be anything worth singing about. or it might be just what i need. someone to take my mind off things, at the end of a long day. someone to take my pants off me, at the end of a long night, either way we're here. we're two bicycles, ridden too tired to know, which one of us two is dumb enough to choose, the other as a lover.
aynı zamanda 1980 çıkışlı bir al jarreau albümüdür.
aynı zamanda full house sekizinci sezon ikinci bölümünün adı.
