super bir matchbox twenty sarkisi daha... she got out of town on a railway new york bound took all except my name another alien on broadway there's some things in this world you just can't change somethings you can't see until it gets too late baby, baby, baby when all your love is gone who will save me from all i'm up against out in this world maybe, maybe, maybe you'll find something that's enough to keep you but if the bright lights don't receive you you should turn yourself around and come on home i got a hole in me now i got a scar i can talk about she keeps a picture of me in her apartment in the city some things in this world man, they don't make sense some things you don't need until they leave you and they're things that you miss baby, baby, baby when all your love is gone who will save me from all i'm up against out in this world maybe, maybe, maybe you'll find something that's enough to keep you but if the bright lights don't receive you you should turn yourself around and come on home let that city take you in, come on home let that city spit you out, come on home let that city take you down, yeah for god's sake turn around baby, baby, baby when all your love is gone who will save me from all i'm up against in this world maybe, maybe, maybe you'll find something that's enough to keep you but if the bright lights don't receive you you should turn yourself around and come on home come on home baby, baby, baby come on home yeah, come on home yeah, come on home
(bkz: bright eyes)
samson'ın shock tactics adlı albümünden bir parca. speeding on the highway, bright lights on the road looking for a woman for the night, gonna shoot my load rocking and rolling on the mainspring, feeling a smile flash by roll her to the left, roll her to the right, get high tonight bright lights running faster than you bright lights how does it feel to be through? fancy 5 a.m. the sun is in the trees again coming back to hit the town, gonna kick the hammer down speaking in my head, waking up in bed, sweating, shaking with fright roll her to the left, roll her to the right tonight
büyük bir kısmını follow the cops back home'a yapısal olarak çok benzettiğim, battle for the sun albümünden bir placebo şarkısı.
(bkz: turn on the bright lights)
battle for the sun albümünün 6. şarkısı. cast your mind back to the days when i pretend i was ok i had so very much to say about my crazy living now that i've stared into the void so many people i've annoyed i have to find a meddle way a better way of giving so i haven't given up that all my choices, my good luck appear to go and get me stuck in an open prison now i am trying to break free being in a state of empathy find a true and inner me eradicate this schism no one can take you away from me and no one can tear apart because a heart that hurts is a heart that works a heart that hurts is a heart that works a heart that hurts is a heart that works no one can take you away from me and no one can tear apart and maybe a labor fantasy but it's the perfect place to start because a heart that hurts is a heart that works a heart that hurts is a heart that works
placebo'nun yeni albümü battle for the sun'ın sözleri de melodisi de şukela olan şarkılarından biridir. acı verdiği sürece çalışır ki kalp zaten meğersem, evet, zaten* 'cause a heart that hurts, is a heart that works. a heart that hurts, is a heart that... works.
placebo olanının klibi bugün yayınlanmıştır. buyrun: placebo - "bright lights"
for what it's worth 'deki atari melodisi hissi bu parçada da hissediliyor, iki klipte grup performansı olmuş halbüse daha farklı bir placebo videosu isterdim şahsen. battle for the sun 'ın en güzel parçalarından biri kendisi.
audrey horne isimli nefis grubun, allahtan devralıp başıma verdiği beladır.
hiç kuşkusuz toplama albümlerin en güzelini yapan ministry of sound'un bu yıl çıkardığı sessions seven'da eddie thoneick'in harika remiksinin bulunduğu placebo şaheseri.
