this time the bullet cold rocked ya a yellow ribbon instead of a swastika nothin' proper about ya propaganda fools follow rules when the set commands ya said it was blue when ya blood was red that's how ya got a bullet blasted through ya head blasted through ya head blasted through ya head i give a shout out to the living dead who stood and watched as the feds cold centralised so serene on the screen you was mesmerised cellular phones soundin' a death tone corporations cold turn ya to stone before ya realise they load the clip in omnicolour said they pack the 9, they fire it at prime time the sleeping gas, every home was like alcatraz and mutha fuckas lost their minds just victims of the in-house drive-by they say jump, you say how high yeah just victims of the in-house drive-by they say jump, you say how high run it! just victims of the in-house drive-by they say jump, you say how high just victims of the in-house drive-by they say jump, you say how high check-a, check-a, check it out they load the clip in omnicolour said they pack the 9, they fire it at prime time the sleeping gas, every home was like alcatraz and mutha fuckas lost their minds no escape from the mass mind rape play it again jack and then rewind the tape and then play it again and again and again until ya mind is locked in believin' all the lies that they're tellin' ya buyin' all the products that they're sellin' ya they say jump and ya say how high ya brain-dead ya gotta fuckin' bullet in ya head just victims of the in-house drive-by they say jump, you say how high yeah just victims of the in-house drive-by they say jump, you say how high ya standin' in line believin' the lies ya bowin' down to the flag ya gotta bullet in ya head ya standin' in line believin' the lies ya bowin' down to the flag ya gotta bullet in ya head a bullet in ya head a bullet in ya head ya gotta bullet in ya fuckin' head! yeah! yeah! (nefreti notalastirmis adamlar)
ratm parcasi eminim... bezgin bekire bile ayagi ile ritm tutturabilecek kadar guzel, gaz, oz parca
john woo filmi.
ing. kafandaki kurşun
şarkının gerçek adı için (bkz: bullet in the head)
ratm'nin 1992 yılındaki çıkış * albümü rage against the machine'den bir gaz parça. barda pavyonda (?) coverlanır bol bol...
bir copy paste mucizesi ile karşınızda, çok yakınızda : this time the bullet cold rocked ya a yellow ribbon instead of a swastika nothin' proper about ya propaganda fools follow rules when the set commands ya said it was blue when the blood was red that's how ya got a bullet blasted through ya head blasted through ya head blasted through ya head i give a shout out to the living dead who stood and watched as the feds cold centralized so serene on the screen you was mesmerised cellular phones soundin' a death tone corporations cold turn ya to stone before ya realise they load the clip in omnicolour said they pack the 9, they fire at their prime time sleeping gas, every home was like alcatraz and mutha fuckas lost their minds just victims of the in-house drive-by they say jump, you say how high just victims of the in-house drive-by they say jump, you say how high run it! just victims of the in-house drive-by they say jump, you say how high just victims of the in-house drive-by they say jump, you say how high checka, checka, check it out they load the clip in omnicolour said they pack the 9, they fire it at prime time sleeping gas, every home was like alcatraz and mutha fuckas lost their minds no escape from the mass mind rape play it again jack and then rewind the tape and then play it again and again and again until ya mind is locked in believin' all the lies that they're tellin' ya buyin' all the products that they're sellin' ya they say jump and ya say how high ya brain-dead ya gotta fuckin' bullet in ya head just victims of the in-house drive-by they say jump, you say how high just victims of the in-house drive-by they say jump, you say how high uggh! yeah! yea! ya standin' in line believin' the lies ya bowin' down to the flag ya gotta bullet in ya head ya standin' in line believin' the lies ya bowin' down to the flag ya gotta bullet in ya head a bullet in ya head a bullet in ya head a bullet in ya head a bullet in ya head a bullet in ya head a bullet in ya head a bullet in ya head a bullet in ya head a bullet in ya head! a bullet in ya head! a bullet in ya head! a bullet in ya head! a bullet in ya head! a bullet in ya head! a bullet in ya head! ya gotta bullet in ya fuckin' head! yeah! yeah!
live&rare'deki canlı kaydında tom morello'nun mükemmel bir solo attığı süper şarkı. ayrıca introsu da gayet güzeldir
sırf bu şarkının bir versiyonunda ( (bkz: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0j0gcbmc7a) ) tom morello'nun attığı solo için bile şarkı arka arkaya dinlenir. ki sanırsam tom morello*'yu tom morello yapan da bu garip attraksiyonlarıdır. çok yaşa morello. (sözlükteki yazar arkadaşı tanımıyorum da o da üstüne alınabilir heh.)
hayatımda dinlediğim en gaz şarkılardan. bununla birlikte mp3 arşivime nereden, nasıl geldi bilmiyorum. bir sabah uyandım, itunes'u açtım karşıma çıktı hepsi bu. o gün bugündür son bölümüne eşlik ediyorum. aklıma hep o bas ritimleri geliyor. ara ara yolda yürürken de aklıma geliyor. aklıma geliyor işte. belki de aklımdan çıkmıyordur bilemeyeceğim. tamam tamam itiraf ediyorum; şu yazıyı yazmasaydım muhtemelen çok üzülürdüm. ''a bullin in ya heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeedddddddddddddddddddddddd''
zack de la rocha'nın harikalar yarattığı müthiş şarkı.
apolitik bir insanı bile anarşik yapabilecek, hatta "they say jump you say how high, you brain-dead, you got a fuckin bullet in your head amına koyim" diye çevresine sataşmaya teşvik edebilecek ahlaksız ve allahsız rage against the machine parçası. yalarım.
