eski,güzel,gaz bi misfits şarkısı. president's bullet-ridden body in the street ride, johnny ride kennedy's shattered head hits concrete ride, johnny ride johnny's wife is floundering johnny's wife is scared run, jackie run texas is an outrage when your husband is dead texas is an outrage when they pick up his head texas is the reason that the president's dead you gotta suck, suck, jackie suck president's bullet-ridden body in the street ride, johnny ride kennedy's shattered head hits concrete ride, johnny ride texas is an outrage when your husband is dead texas is an outrage when they pick up his head texas is the reason that the president's dead you gotta suck, suck, jackie suck arise jackie o, jonathon of kennedy well, arise and be shot down the dirt's gonna be your dessert my cum will be your life source and the only way to get it is to suck or fuck or be poor and devoid and masturbate me, masturbate me then slurp it from your palm like a dry desert soaking up rain soaking up sun like a dry desert soaking up rain soaking up sun
ing. mermi
(bkz: bullet in the head)
gizemli ve pek bilinmeyen bir jamiroquai klasiği. arkadaşımda bulduğum virtual insanity single'ında dinledim. enstrümantal olmasının yanı sıra, extremely funky! dinleyiniz, dinlettiriniz.
(bkz: bullet the blue sky)
ing. argoda eroin icin kullanilan kelimelerden. (bkz: just the right bullets) (bkz: crossroads/30)
satrançta 3 dakikanın altında* oynanan oyunlara verilen isim.
ayrıca craig david'den stereophonics'e uzanan geniş kapsamlı bir prodüksiyon şirketi..
müzik listelerinde bir şarkının bir anda 1 numaraya fırlamasına da bullet denilir..
(bkz: bullet with butterfly wings)
(bkz: bullet proof)
mickey rourke'un hapisten yeni cıkmıs uyusturucu bagımlısı bi serseriyi,2pac'ın tek gozunde korsan bandıyla kotu mafya babasını,adrien brody nin duvarlara resim yapan,sonrada bi kavgada eline bıcak saplanınca kafayı cizen bi ressamı oynadıgı guzel film.ilk aldıgımda 2pac var diye alsamda 2pac cok az rol alır bu filmde.ozellikle evin deli buyuk abisi rolundeki karekter muthisti.bos ve mafya filmi diye alınsada,bekledigimden cok daha iyi cıkıp,alt kulturdeki uyusturucu olayına bulasmıs kisiler ve sorunlu bi ailenin yasamını cok guzel anlatmıs film.mickey rourke'da iyi roldedir bu filmde garip bi sekilde,ama sokakta adamın gozune bıcak sokup cırılcıplak soyacak kadar da psikopattır yine de.
araplari saymazsak genelde cumlelerin sol basinda bulunan ayristirici super olayin tekili. biliyorum ki gun gelecek ve sadece asagida bulunan simgeyi bulabilmek icin birileri burayi ziyaret edecek. evet dostum, bak, asagida aradigin; rica ederim. •
burtonin ürettigi bir board modeli.
covenant şarkısı da vardır aynı isimde sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun: time is like a bullet from behind i run for cover just like you time is like a liquid in my hands i swim for dry land just like you time is like a blanket on my face i try to be here just like you time is just a fiction of our minds i will survive and so will you we are the only ones right now that are celebrating and we are joining hands right now we are the only ones right now that are suffocating we are the dying ones right now as the water grinds the stone we rise and fall as our ashes turn to dust we shine like stars kisses on the dancefloor in my past i need some comfort just like you beating like a bass drum time goes by i want the last dance just like you drowning in the flood of morning light i'm only human just like you do you hear the city waking up i will survive and so will you we are the ones the only ones we are the ones the dying ones we are the ones the only ones we are the ones and we are joining hands we are the only ones right now that are celebrating *as the water grinds the stone we rise and fall as our ashes turn to dust we shine like stars*
charon'un songs for the sinners albümünden gayet haşmetli bir şarkı. "once again i trusted in someone else" dizesiyle de bir önceki albümde * bulunan "in trust of no one"a da bir atıf niteliği de taşımıyor değil.
avustralya merkezli bir otomobil ureticisidir.
bulit diye telaffuz edilmesi gereken sözcük.
(bkz: fender bullet)
son dönemde fiyatının diğer burbonlara düşüklüğü nedeniyle tercih sebebi olmaya başlayan içimi fena olmayan bir burbon markası. kendi tecrübelerimden jim beam ın tadına yaklaşamadığını söyleyebilirim. burbon standardı olan yüzde 51 oranındaki mısır alkolünden daha fazla miktarda içeriyormuş ve kokusunu ve rengini, amerikan beyaz meşesinden yapılma fıçısında 6 yıl bekletilmesinden alıyormuş.
grand avenue şarkısı. she’s like a bullet, waiting to shoot me waiting to thrill me oh wanted to thrill me just liquid and lose it i’ve ‘self seen it i need to believe it, i need to feel it it’s these broken times when nothing is quiet well i thought it would be like i don’t know what’s right got some questions left i’ll be making a progress got the world on her shoulders but no one to hold her just constantly looking for something better so watch from the distance as she moves through the crowd just slightly damaged, just slightly out it’s these broken times when nothing is quiet well i thought it would be like i don’t know what’s right got some questions left i’ll be making a progress she makes me feel so blue but there’s no real reason to you it’s these broken times when nothing is quiet well i thought it would be like i don’t know what’s right got some questions left i’ll be making a progress it’s these broken times when nothing is quiet well i thought it would be like i don’t know what’s right i’ve got some questions left i’ll be making a progress
open source bir fizik motoru.
adı bulut olanların nickname olarak kullanabildiği ingilizce kelime.
kredi ana para ödemesinin vade sonunda tek seferde yapıldığı kredi geri ödemeleri için de kullanılır.
stephen king'in yazdigi kisa bir hikayedir. kitap yaklasik olarak 50 sayfadir ve annesi olmek uzere otostop cekerek hastahaneye yetismeye calisan bir ogrencinin hikayesini konu alir.
bon jovi şarkısıdır. the circle albümünde bulunur. güzel şarkıdır... yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah dateline early sunday morning shots ring out without a warning no one seems to even blink in this town two dead and a baby missing sirens screaming in the distance a mother pleading bring my baby home now for the pink slip of an suv a night cut down with tragedy his defence another generation breakdown yeah, yeah what is the distance between a bullet and a gun god are you listening or have you just given up yeah, yeah yeah, yeah corporate countries go to war behind the lies they're fighting for and black gold from an old king's soul won his round how can someone take a life in the name of god and say it's right how does money lead to greed when there's still hungry mouths to feed yeah, yeah what is the distance between a bullet and a gun god are you listening or have you just given up we need forgiveness we all need a lot of love.... we need some hope we need it now a little faith man help me out i'll learn to pray but it's too late now yeah, yeah what is the distance between a bullet and a gun god are you listening or have you just given up what is the distance between a bullet and a gun we need forgiveness we all need a lot of love... a lot of love...
aynı zamanda bir cold case bölümü.
jbullet adinda bir java portu olan fizik motoru.
mükemmel bir the rasmus şarkısı, karşılık bulmayan ya da hala severken terkedilenler, kısaca kaybedenler için yazılmış bi şarkı. şurdan dinleyebilirsiniz : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwnyq0g3grk sözleri: i think i should go and leave you alone, yeah. stop this game and hang up the phone. and more. i should go into the night alone and get inside of the cyclone. it's like i wanted to break my bones to get over you. 'cos if i stay i'm number two anyway. like a bullet you can hurt me, take me, brake me. like fire you can burn me, convert me. like a bullet you can hurt me. i can't believe it when my friends say: take it easy, don't you worry about the rainy days. like fire you can burn me, convert me. like a bullet you can hurt me. you say there are so many things going on in your life now. it's so very hard to find time for me. and you say: do you believe in the destiny? this is the way it was meant to be. i gotta leave to make you see i'm over you. 'cos if i stay i'm number two anyway. like a bullet you can hurt me... maybe i'm blind, forever young. don't get me wrong, i don't belong here. like fire you can burn me. like a bullet you can hurt me like a bullet you can hurt me...
(bkz: madde imi)
