(bkz: amele yanigi)
5 kişiden oluşan grindcore grubu. basit, ama mükemmel bir websiteleri var: http://www.burntbythesun.com/
dracula with glasses şarkısını dinlerken insanın hellfest'e gidesi gelir.
tangerine dream'in bi şarkısı
(bkz: utomlyonnye solntsem)
(bkz: sunburst)
şarkının sözleri şöyledir: "burnt by the sun, as the crimson sea did run. i heard you say my dove, that there would be no love. let's leave one another now, i won't hold it against you."
richard hawley'nin seslendirdigi harika bir sophie solomon sarkisi.
sophie solomon'un poison sweet madeira albumunden, richard hawley'nin yorumuyla; i was burnt by the sun said good bye to the sea when i saw you were losing your love for me your eyes told the tale of a wound that's still raw as i watched you renouncing any hope of a cure how can i be bitter that it's over after all i've got myself to blame the sun dissolves to winter now it's over i'm lost amongst the shadows that remain then your words rang out strong at once broken but clear and i heard you dismissing any last trace of fear i was burnt by the sun tried in vain not to cry since i knew all the answers tell me why i ask why how can i be bitter that it's over after all i've got myself to blame the sun dissolves to winter now it's over i'm lost amongst the shadows that remain now the swing in your step makes me tremble with hurt when i see how you blossom i feel lost and inert i've been burnt by the sun in my prozak coccoon just can't pick up the pieces of my life without you just can't pick up the pieces of my life without you
nikita mikhalkov imzalı rus başyapıtı. (bkz: utomlyonnye solntsem)
1999 amerika cikisli metalcore grubu. 1 ep, 3 split album, 3 album, 1 de live dvd'leri bulunmakta. bunlar sirasiyla soyle; luddite clone - burnt by the sun (split - 2000) burnt by the sun (ep - 2001) soundtrack to the personal revolution (2002) the perfect is the enemy of the good (2003) burnt by the sun - burst (split - 2003) live from the relapse contamination festival (live - 2004) burnt by the sun - car bomb (split - 2007) heart of darkness (2009) line up soyle; mike olender - vokal dave witte - davul john adubato - gitar nick hale - gitar teddy patterson - bass
metalcore'la alakası olmayan şahane grup.son albümleri atmosfer olarak çok ayrı bir noktadadır.
"since i knew all the answers tell me why i ask why," kısmına belki de cevap verebileceğim şarkı. çünkü, nihayet anlayabildiğimizde, (tatsız bir mesele olsa dahi) hala aynı açıklamayı suyu çıkana kadar düşünmek isteyişimiz, bir anlamda tiryakilik. (yanisi, bir süre daha çok why why deriz, normal..)
