bir paladin'de max'imuma vurmasi gereken özelliklerden biridir..
(bkz: karizma)
kiss grubunun 1979 da cikan dynasty albumunde yer alan hoş bir şarkısı. sozlerinide yazayim tam olsun ; is it my fortune or my fame is it my money or my name is it my personality or just my sexuality, yeah, yeah what is my charisma what is my charisma, yeah is it my body or my brain do i drive you insane, ha is it the power of my touch do you need me too much, too much, too much what is my charisma, what is my, what is my what is my charisma is it my fortune or my fame what is my, is it my money or my name, charisma, yeah what is my, yeah, yeah, yeah, charisma what is my charisma, what is it i've got what is it about me that gets you so hot, hot, yeah am i the master of your soul do you lose all control, ha is it my fire or my flame do i drive you insane, charisma what is my charisma, yeah what is my, is it my fire or my flame, charisma what is my charisma what is my charisma is it my body or my brain what is my, is it my money or my name, charisma and do i drive you insane what is my, what is my, what is my, charisma what is my, is it my fortune or my fame, charisma and do i drive you insane what is my, what is my, what is my, charisma what is my, what is my, what is my, charisma charisma, charisma what is my, what is my, what is my, charisma what is my, what is my, what is my, charisma charisma, charisma what is my, what is my, what is my, charisma what is my
(bkz: charisma carpenter)
hz. isa*nin yeryuzundeki gucunu anlatir ifade. charisma sozcugu christ ile ayni kokten gelmektedir. isa'nin karizmasini sol elinin uc parmagini*** birlestirip, diger ikisini acik birakarak yaptigi isaret temsil eder. kendisini bircok ikonada bu sekilde gormek mumkundur.
bir site adı.bu sitede hoş karikatürler bulmanız mümkün... http://www.charisma.4mg.com/
bir kozmetik markası.ballı ve sütlü vücut kremi inanılmaz derecede hoştur.
ogrenciyken herbirini almak icin eriyip bittigimiz, her zaman diger kalemlerden cok daha pahali olan, kullanmadan opup koklanan boya kalemleri.
tom browne'ın 1981 albümü yours truly'de bulunan enstrümantal late night groove şarkısı. sevişirken dinlenecek şarkılar'a güzel bir örnektir.
w.a.s.p.'ın 2001 tarihli unholy terror albümünden, melodisinin akıcılığı ile insanın dikkatini çeken bir parça. sözleri şu şekilde; i'm a breath in minds of men with the lies i breathe no man's ever ruled the world not knowing the curse of me i'm some of the seven sins vanity in the lust of men i'm the alpha-omega man i'll show you who i am hypnotic charm, mesmerizing face my soul has a dark embrace a magic tongue, i'll seduce you all till i'm your king till ya know my.... charisma - do you know my name? i'm the god that you pray when you worship my name charisma - are you idolizing me? i'm a dangerous thing and your new messiah's me i'm a liar blinding your vision vatican man preaching fear and using religion with the bible and koran i wrap myself in the american flag and tell people i'm for which it stands i'm coming back till you know i'm god till you believe, till you know my... charisma - do you know my name? i'm the god that you pray when you worship my name charisma - are you idolizing me? i'm a dangerous thing and your new messiah's me i'm a fear from a shadow land i seduce you all here i come new messiah man to bow to me, make me your god i got them all marching to the rhythm believing me, oh yeah, new religion i'm a racist with a waving flag of domination with a fascist plan i'm gonna be the new world leader i got a lot of 9 millimeter baby eaters i'm coming back til you know i'm god till you belive, till you know i'm... charisma - do you know my name? i'm the god that you pray when you worship my name charisma - are you idolizing me? i'm a dangerous thing and your new messiah's me charisma - do you know my name? i'm the god that you pray when you worship my name charisma - are you idolizing me? i'm a dangerous thing and your new messiah's me charisma. charisma. charisma. charisma.
