kanatimce en dokunaklı shed 7 sarkısı.
cok manali bir single kapagina sahip parca. elinde bir demet cicek, randevusunu bekleyen tipik cilli ingiliz erkegi..gelmeyen randevu..yagan yagmur..islanan cicek..yıkılan hayaller
eger esasli bir kavga sonrasinda dinlenirse zihin bulandiran, alkole ve solitude crisis'e yoneltebilen, en az on standby kadar ba$arili shed 7 (ya da shed seven) $arkisi. cengaver olarak sozlerini sunmak istiyorum*, hep beraber icelim dostlar*: there are things that i regret like being called a nervous wreck and working up another sweat for you there's nothing that i can do for counterparts and bleeding hearts and all the things that fall apart for you i don't keep my secrets there i hide them everywhere i could deny but i'll never realize i'm just chasing rainbows all the time i could deny but i'll never realize i've been chasing rainbows all my life and then i missed my cue everybody had a laugh and then went for an early bath did you? i don't keep my secrets there i hide them everywhere
more betterness albümlerinden çok hoş nufan şarkısı.. just heard the news today let yourself down once again trusted your feelings in a place that no one goes will you do anything to satisfy your so-called friend there's something you ought to know before you explode all i want to do is make sure you stop chasing rainbows trusting those around you is an easy thing to do i'm not saying don't believe in someone that you don't know just don't go on thinking that the whole world tells the truth it's all fucked up being reserved and quiet she doesn't understand the message that you send don't give it all away somewhere, sometimes, there's someone who can replace that state of mind you never give it time all i want to do is make sure you stop chasing rainbows letting everybody crawl inside your heart and mind kicking you is easy when you're down that's when the weak know to release their anger on someone who will not try to stand up and give them a fight
şarkının adında her ne kadar rainbow geçse de, dinlerken durumunuz rainbow gibi rengarenk olmayacaktır. ama hat safada huzur veren, bunalım anlarında sizi on stanby bırakan bir shed 7 klasiği olmayı hakeden şarkıdır.
way out west parcasi don't look now albumunde bulunur
turkceye " gokkusagini kovalamak, gokkusaginin pesine dusmek olarak cevrilebilen eylem. ayni zamanda bir judy garland albumu. albume ismini veren sarkinin sozleri soyledir: i 'm always chasing rainbows at the end of the rainbow there’s happiness and to find it how often i’ve tried but my life is a race, just a wild goose chase and my dreams have all been denied! why have i always been a failure? what can the reason be? i wonder if the world’s to blame? i wonder if it could be me? i’m always chasing rainbows watching clouds drifting by! my schemes are just like all of my dreams ending in the sky! some fellows look and find the sunshine i always look and find the rain! some fellows make a winning sometime i never even make a gain! believe me . . . i’m always chasing rainbows waiting to find a little blue bird in vain! ( rainbows seem to fade away! )
