bir jj cale klasiğidir ve eric clapton tarafından da söylenmiştir.ayrıyetten (bkz: kokain).. "she don't lie, she don't lie, she don't lie, cocaine."
john lennon da fena soylememi$tir hani...
bar ortamlarında "free your mind, free your mind, free your mind with cocain" seklinde de soylenmektedir...
grateful dead in de bir sarkisidir ayni zamanda.
zz top yorumu da lezizdir.
eric clapton 'in yorumladigi bir parca: if you wanna hang out you've got to take her out. cocaine. if you wanna get down, down on the ground. cocaine. she don't lie, she don't lie, she don't lie; cocaine. if you got bad news, you wanna kick them blues. cocaine. when your day is done and you wanna run. cocaine. she don't lie, she don't lie, she don't lie; cocaine. if your thing is gone and you wanna ride on. cocaine. don't forget this fact, you can't get it back. cocaine. she don't lie, she don't lie, she don't lie; cocaine.
by 4 dillinger hey jim jim just a minute joh i want to ask you something i want you to spell something for me jim can you do that sure john but i want you to spell for me new york john why are you asking me to do that i just want you to spell new york jim but alright i gonna go in man n-e-w-y-o-r-k that’s new york man no jim you have made a mistake jim i’m gonna teach you the right way and the proper way to spell new york well, go ahead john a knife, a fork, a bottle and a coke that’s the way we spell new york jim yeahyeah you see i’m the dynomite so all you got to do is hold me tight because i’m out of sight you know ‘cause i’m a dynomite whatever the time i walk in the rain man oh man i feel a pain i feel a burning pain keep on burning in my bloody brain i’ve got cocaine running around in my brain i’ve got cocaine running around in my brain i wanna meet my soulbrotha and my soulsister i want you to hold me tight because i’m a dynomite i’ve got cocaine running around in my brain no matter the way i treat my guest you see they always love my kitchen best ‘cause i’ve cocaine running around in my brain cocaine running around in my brain yeah hey jim , jim where is jim man jim i want you to spell me something i want you to spell for me new york jim come on jim i want you to spell new york a knife, a fork, a bottle and a coke that’s the way we spell new york right on how exciting man right on “huh” right on yeah right on hey jim jim just a minute joh i want to ask you something i want you to spell something for me jim can you do that sure john but i want you to spell for me new york john why are you asking me to do that i just want you to spell new york jim but alright i gonna go in man n-e-w-y-o-r-k that’s new york man no jim you‘ve made a mistake jim i’m gonna teach you the right way and the proper way to spell new york well, go ahead john a knife, a fork, a bottle and a coke that’s the way we spell new york jim yeahyeah you see i’m the dynomite so all you got to do is hold me tight because i’m out of sight you know ‘cause i’m a dynomite whatever the time i walk in the rain man oh man i feel a pain i feel a burning pain keep on burning in my bloody brain i’ve got cocaine running around in my brain i’ve got cocaine running around in my brain i wanna meet my soulbrotha and my soulsister i want you to hold me tight because i’m a dynomite i’ve got cocaine running around in my brain no matter the way i treat my guest you see they always love my kitchen best ‘cause i’ve cocaine running around in my brain cocaine running around in my brain yeahyeah hey jim , jim!! where is jim man jim i want you to spell me something i want you to spell for me new york jim come on jim i want you to spell new york a knife, a fork, a bottle and a coke that’s the way we spell new york right on how exciting man right on “huh” right on yeah right on man oh man i’m on the run i’ve got to meet the setting sun i’ve got cocaine a whole a whole out of cocaine man running around in my brain running around in my brain cocaïne cocaïne running around in my brain
lefay 'ın bir albumunde (sanirim son albumdu) bonus track olarak vardı...
(bkz: her sarkida uyusturucuya gonderme aramak)
(bkz: 100 greatest rock guitar solos)
amerikada yeni cikan bir icecegin adi.
sahte rakı'nın da güzel yorumladığı eserdir.
karaokelerin en güzel en cok eglendiren parcalarından biri aynı zamanda. hiç kaçmaz her seferinde söyleriz baya bir yuksek sesle she dont lie kısımlarını.
"needlework the way, never you betray life of death becoming clearer pain monopoly, ritual misery chop your breakfast on a mirror taste me you will see more is all you need you're dedicated to how i'm killing you" metallica, "master of puppets"
iceriginde kokain maddesi bulundugu gerekcesiyle elestirilen, bu nedenle abd de satisi durdurulan, su anda dogu avrupa da satilan ve turkiye pazarina da girecegi soylenen enerji icecegi ureticisi. http://www.drinkcocaine.com/
dokuzuncu nesil çaylak.
one more car, one more rider'daki versiyonunun son nakaratında herşey susar, seyirciler ''kokeynnnn'' diye haykırır. eric amca da ''thank you'' deyip bitirir şarkıyı...
black sabbath - snowblind parcasında ozzy öldürücü bir şekilde söyler bu kelimeyi.
(bkz: cocaine blues)
bu yıl içinde albüm çıkaran black robot da coverlamış parçayı.
bu şarkıyı her dinleyişimde gözümde jack nicholsonun o (bkz: öforik)pis sırıtışı canlanır.
eric clapton' un çok güzel yorumladığı parça. ne zaman dinlesem neşemi yerine getirir.
sunshine of your love etrafında dolanan bir tilkidir.
sözleri, müziği gayet eğlenceli olan eşlik ederken neşelendiğim parça*.
aynı zamanda mission impossible yedinci sezon altıncı bölümünün adı.
sunshine of your love ile pek bi benzeşir riffleri..
o kadar iyimser (bkz: hayat sevince güzel) insanlarız ki hemen şarkılardan, ne kadar güzel olduklarından falan bahsetmişiz. oysaki bildiğimiz (uyuşturucu olan) (bkz: kokain)in ingilizcesidir. aynı zamanda (bkz: stimulant) etki yaptığı, tarafımca "aslında yararlı olabilir yahu bak uyku açıyor dinçlik veriyor iyi bence bu" diye tabir edilip daha sonrasında nelere ne kadar çabuk neden olduğunu görünce "uyuşturucu kötüdür abi bunu herkes bilir bak ne hale geliyorlar" dediğim, başlı başına bir sınav konumdur.
dave van ronk'un söylemiş olduğu sözleri* sağdan soldan şurdan burdan toplayarak sanırım**şöyledir: ***** "everytime me and my old woman go uptown the police come and they knock me down i know it sounds far-fetched yeah baby come here quick this old cocaine 'bout make me sick, yeah cocaine cocaine, runnin all 'round my brain yonder comes my woman dressed in red she's gotta shotgun and says she gonna kill me dead it won't hurt a bit my strength is the strength of 10, because i am pure yeah your old woman says you ain't treatin' her right just take a snort of cocaine and turn out the light makes you feel like superman for the first five minutes from there on in it's her problem yeah walking down beale street, gonna turning up main lookin' for woman is sells cocaine kill 2 birds with one stone, as it work yeah baby come here quick this old cocaine 'bout the make me sick yeah cocaine, rock all 'round my brain i went to bed last night i was singing a song woke up this morning and my nose was gone you can't have everything my mucous membrane is just a memory sometimes i think that coke's bad for me and then i stop thinking there is no problem so great you can run away from it (yeah this is..) cocaine is for horses, not for men they tell me it will kill me but they won't say when ah yeah pretty baby well come here quick this old cocaine 'bout make me sick yeah, cocaine run all 'round my brain"
2011 çıkışlı bir eminem parçası. şarkı piyasaya single olarak sürülmüştü sanırım. şarkıda kokain metaforu ile em şöhreti anlatmaktadır.
