ronnie james dionun killing the dragon isimli, 2002 de cikarttigi albumun son sarkisi tired of living in the black and white? where fools can tell you that you're never right i know a place where the film's in color just step inside of yourself here's a place in the front row so on with the show the same old shadow on the run that's no shadow, it's your shadow's son i know a place where the pools got water and you don't need to know how to swim here's the key to the back door do you want more do you need more? same old rhythm to the same old rhyme the same old clock - same old time there's a place where the grass is greener and you can shake, rattle and roll here's the key to the front door do you want more will you need more? tired of living in the black and white where no-one's wrong and you're never right same old steps to the same old dance just one more reason - one more chance oh
ing. soguk ayaklar. ayni zamanda son anda bir isten cayayazmaya denir. mesela nikahtan bir gun once "i'm getting cold feet" denip julia roberts* tribine girilebilir.
cesaretsiz*,korkak*
itv tarafından yapılmış bir ingiliz dizisidir. bütün televizyon dizileri gibi muhteşem bir dizidir.
tracy chapman soyler bunu, usul usul, ninni hesabi.. there was a little boy once upon a time who in spite of his young age and small size knew his mind for every copper penny and clover he would find make a wish for better days the end of hard times for no more cold feet cold cold cold cold feet his clothes were always clean his face was always scrubbed there was food on the table enough to fill him up his house was full of life - his house was full of love but when winter days arrived there was never money enough to shod his cold feet cold cold cold cold feet he grew up to be a worker determined to succeed he made a life for himself, free from worldly wants or needs but with nobody to share the life he'd made no body to keep him warm at night when he'd go to sleep he'd sleep alone with his cold feet cold cold cold cold feet one night he walked the street looking to the heaven's above searching for a shooting star a benevolent god when a woman passing by brushed his arm he turned and found love he then wished for the courage to ask this stranger who she was to not have cold feet cold cold cold cold feet he thought she'd like the party life and want the finer things so he promised more than he could buy and he promised her the sun and moon to not have cold feet cold cold cold cold feet he worked day and night his fingers to the bone hi worried mind guilty conscience drive him on he can't give her what she needs he wants to give her what he thinks she wants her sad-eyed face, his empty pockets drive him on and his cold feet cold cold cold cold feet he'd struggled all his life to be an honest man proud that the dirt on his palms was the soil of the land but some guys he knew from high school days said they had a plan to get rich quick and they could count him in if he don't have cold feet cold cold cold cold feet he thought about their offer accepted it without qualms dreamt about the life he'd buy the comfort that would come without cold feet cold cold cold cold feet he decided to tell his wife things would soon turn around he said the little boy is dead a man stands with you now without cold feet cold cold cold cold feet without cold feet cold cold cold cold feet he thought he'd set his clock right, he though he'd read his watch he left in such a hurry he didn't think to wish for luck makes no difference if you're early, no difference if you're late when you're out of time, the flowers have been laid you're six feet underground with cold feet cold cold cold cold feet
tntde yayınlanmaya başlamış dizidir. 3. bölümü bu haftaydı.
birkaç bölümüne denk geldiğim ve avrupa ülkelerinin bizden bayağı bir farklı olduğunu gördüm. efendim bu dizide evli bir kadın kocasının en iyi arkadaşının elinden tutuyor (kocasının gözü önünde), sakinleştirmek için adamı yanağından falan öpüyor... bir adam iki günlüğüne tanıdığı bir kadının eşi yanındayken kadınla yanağından öperek vedalaşıyor. kadının eşine ise "güle güle" bile demiyor. kadının eşi bu durumda bile sakinliğini koruyor. bir kadının çocuğunun babası belli değilken bile her ikisi de (çocuğun babası olabilitesi olan adamlar) "ben çocuğun babası olurum. hiç önemli değil..." diyor. yine efendim bir başka kadın kocasını aldatıyor, kocası da hizmetçiyle aldatmaya çalışıyor onu intikam için. sonra hiiçbir şey olmamış gibi hayatlarına kaldığı yerden devam ediyorlar. bu kadar laubalilik olmaz. iki tane evli çift var hem de çocuklu. ama aile dizisi değil, elin ingilizinde edep ahlak kalmamış a dostlar...
anormal bir dizi. ayrıyeten, kendimden birşeyler bulduğum için izlediğim dizi. çiftlerden adam-rachel ikilisini birine benzetiyordum.. geçenlerde bu sorunun cevabını buldum. adamkarakteri aynı ben.. pis, düzensiz, azıcık koca kafalı...vs. adam'ın sevgilisi de tıpkı benimki gibi.. orospunun teki.. aklı fikri sekste.. biriyle beraberken eski kocasıyla falan yatar. . dahası onun bunun altına da yatar. babası belli olmayan çocuk falan kunlar.. ama adam ona aşıktır. gerisi hikaye.. tıpkı bizimki gibi.. ohh be!! itiraf edecek bir yer buldum. (bkz: gerçekler acıdır)
1989 yapımı komedi film, tom waits oynuyor http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097076/
rain check'in daha ciddi ve ödlek versiyonu.
aynı zamanda mad about you ikinci sezon on altıncı bölümünün adı.
