paul mccartney tarafından yazılmış bir badfinger şarkısı. if you want it here it is come and get it... bu şarkıyı the beatles da kaydetmiş fakat herhangi bir albümüne koymamıştır. en sonunda anthology 3 ile birlikte su yüzüne çıkmıştır şarkının beatles kaydı.
whitesnake'in 1981 yılı albümüdür. blues rock hakimdir bu albümde. vokaller, müzik bir sene sonraki saints and sinners'a göre oldukça yumuşak kalmaktadır. albüme adını veren parça ve don't break my heart again sıkı parçalardır.
(bkz: come get some)
whitesnake'in come and get it albümüne ismini veren şarkının sözleri de şöyledir bu arada, are you woman enough to take a man like me baby, i know what you got you make it easy to see... now i wanna give you my loving believe me, babe, it's true maybe more than you bargained for, but, now it's up to you... so if you want it, come an' get it, i got something for you... if you want it, come an' get it, i'll leave it up to you... are you a women who takes anything you want or the kind who says that you do then tell me later you don't... now i wanna give you my loving i knew the moment we met you gotta take me as you find me, baby, cos' what you see is what you get... so if you want it, come an' get it, i got something for you if you want it, come an' get it, i'll leave it up to you... are you woman enough to take a man like me baby, you know what i got i make it easy to see so if you want it, come an' get it, i got something for you if you want it, come an' get it, i'll leave it up to you...
whitesnake'in eski deep purple elemanlarının en fazla katılım gösterdiği en başarılı albümlerden biridir aynı zamanda. david coverdale, jon lord, ian paice, micky moody, bernie marsden ve neil murray kadrosundan oluşan grubun müzikal anlayışında önemli değişiklikler öncesi çıkardığı son albümdür. bu albümden sonra david coverdale yeni arayışlara girmiştir. bu arayışlar sonucu hem grup elemanları hem de müzikal yaklaşımda köklü değişiklikler dur durak bilmeden gelmiştir. albümde yer alan şarkılar ise aşağıdaki gibidir, 1.come an' get it 2.hot stuff 3.don't break my heart again 4.lonely days, lonely nights 5.wine, women and song 6.child of babylon 7.would i lie to you 8.girl 9.hit and run 10.till the day i die
paul mccartney tarafindan yazilmis olanin sozleri su sekildedir: if you want it, here it is come and get it make your mind up fast if you want it anytime i can give it but you better hurry 'cause it may not last did i hear you say that there must be a catch? will you walk away from a fool and his money? if you want it, here it is come and get it but you better hurry 'cause it's going fast if you want it, here it is come and get it make your mind up fast if you want it anytime i can give it but you'd better hurry 'cause it may not last did i hear you say that there must be a catch? will you walk away from a fool and his money? sonny, if you want it, here it is come and get it but you'd better hurry 'cause it's going fast you'd better hurry 'cause it's going fast woo, fool that is money sorry, if you want it, here it is come and get it but you'd better hurry 'cause it's going fast you'd better hurry 'cause it's going fast you'd better hurry 'cause it's going fast
ram it down albümünde bulunan bir judas priest şarkısı s d y t o: do you like it heavy do you love it mean do you want it dirty we don't play it clean standing in the spotlight ceiling the the floor i can see you rockin' let me hear you roar turn it up tear it down hammering through can you feel the sound any day. any night midnight madness dynamite if you want it come and get it do you want it come and get it can you feel the power blinded by the light keep on goin' crazy burnin' up the night shouting out together boiling like the sun metal lives forever blazing on and on turn it up tear it down hammering through can you feel the sound any day. any night midnight madness dynamite if you want it come and get it do you want it come and get it do you like it heavy do you love it loud if you want it come and get it do you want it come and get it
çok gaz bir judas priest parçası. kendinizi deri pantolon, manda kasa botlarla harleyden iniyormuş gibi hissettirir.*
the electric ageden overkill sarkisi. http://www.youtube.com/…2wu989btnrwql6qi&playnext=0
