stratovarius'un visions albumunun yarmi$ ballad'i, super akustik giri$le beraber harika orkestrasyonuyla sonuna kadar oeah dedirtmekle kalmami$, deli danalar gibi live atraksionunu aramama sebebiyet vermi$tir.
ve fakat bildigim kadariyla o $arki bootleglerde bile yoktur.ayrica iron saviorun unification albumunden de bi $arkidir.
bootleg'lerde olmamasinin nedeni, anketlerde bile ilk albumlerindeki dandik $arkilarin coming home'dan daha cok sevildigi turunde istatistikler cikmasi olabilir..
stratovariusun yaptigi en guzel $arki.season of changei onlar yapmi$ olamazlar.(bkz: piramit yapan uzaylilar)
megadeth'in su dakika ve saat itibariyla son albumu olan the world needs a hero'nun guzide bir parcasi.
lightning seeds'in three lions $arkisinda mesai ekibi olarak bagira bagira soyedigimiz nakarat. "it's coming home it's coming home it's coming football's coming home" (bkz: hey gidi gunler)
hal ashby'nin savaş karşıtı bir filmi; ayrıca "insanları eşlerinden ayırıp askere gönderen devlet"e bir protesto niteliğinde... birden ne oluyorsa olur ve savaş çıkar, taze evli çiftin birick ve sevgiye aç hanımı, kocasını askere yolcu edip, hemşirelik yapmaya niyetlenir, genelde böyle olur zaten, sevdiğini "yolcu eden" insanlar mutlaka bir bok karıştırırlar, o yüzden geride kalana güvenmek kadar yersiz bir $ey yoktur; neyse, bu kadın hastanede felçli bir insanla muhabbet kurar, bu felçli adam da savaşta mağdur olmuş, o yüzden fonsiyonsuz kalmıştır, her vietnam gazisi gibi uzun saç-sakal yapmıştır kendisine, -saç sakal uzun olunca- illa ki karizmatik bu adamla kadın ortamı genişletir ve aşık maşuk olmayı marifet sayarlar... jon voight'in "aranan isim" olduğu zamanlara ait bir film; deli rol kesiyor gerçekten...
(bkz: football is coming home)
bi falco şarkısı, jeanny part 2 diye de geçiyo *
süper bi angel dust parçası, boreder of reality albümünün son şarkısı here i am - back from nowhere i don't remember - everything i've gone too far there ain't nothing left it started so softly - couldn't feel anything at all there was no euphoria - *reality was so close* then fellows and me - we tripped day by day to visit the new world - for the old did decay ... my soul's flown away - left an empty space i took a view into hell - but i'm coming home slave me ... mother - please believe me i never want you to die father, forgive me your memory lives in me my soul's flown away - left an empty space i took a view into hell - but i'm coming back alive ... i'm coming home i'm coming home please believe me i`m coming home deliver me ...
(bkz: homecoming)
stratovarius sarkisi, foreverile beraber cok damar ve hisli sarkilardir. ask nelere kadir dedirtir bana..bir yandanda eski anilarimi kiprastirir*
tea partynin the egdes of twilight albumunden... when frightened by change serenity clings to my sleep and wonders remain their world will inherit its meek and wicked's the taste you feel when the mysteries arise i've fallen from grace because of her treacherous eyes you don't know so alone i'm coming home and beauty's disdain attends to these virtuous lies she tries to restrain the ardent and amorous eyes and wicked's the taste you feel when mysteries arise i've fallen from grace because of her treacherous eyes you don't know so alone i'm coming home
king diamond'ın them albümünün 11. parçası(outro). "grandma'?" "i knew it was you at the door, i saw you from the window. now come inside my dear. it's good to see you again, despite what you did to my throat. "they" are waiting upstairs. come. missy is there too. she's sitting on grandpa's lap. i bet you're dying for a cup of tea."
saxon'nın "killing ground" albümünde yer alan şahane parçası. coming home take a plane, take a pill need some sleep, feel like hell in my suitcase that's my life thoughts of you cut me like a knife gone, gone, gone, gone down that lonely road but it won't be long until i'm coming home another ticket, another town these lonely miles, they just take me down on this highway going anywhere i hear your voice when there's no one there gone, gone, gone, gone down that lonely road but it won't be long until i'm coming home take a boat, take a train need some comfort just to ease the pain out my window i sit and stare the days drag by, baby when you're not there gone, gone, gone, gone down that lonely road but it won't be long until i'm coming home
iron savior'ın "unification" albümünde yer alan harika parçası. coming home lost in the dark milleniums ago where is the place where's the place called home on fire they rode to flee from the fall their future was doomed they've foreseen it all mythical world of the ancient empire secret and hidden but some day we shall return ancient calls from anywhere in time we have to follow the sign distant voices - sources unknown where to they lead us where will we go on the scent for the lost coming home chasing a shadow in stardust and haze where will we find traces of our race the engines are roaring we're leaving ground once more is it for real - will we fail like so often before ancient calls from somewhere in time we have to follow the sign distant voices - sources unknown where to they lead us where will we go on the scent for the lost coming home mythical world of the ancient empire is it for real - will we fail like so often before ancient calls from somewhere star of the old guide us - give us hope star ...
(bkz: mama im coming home)
scorpions parçası... love at first sting albumunden... sozlerini de yazayım tam olsun every moring when i wake up yawning i'm still far away trucks still rolling through the early morning to the place we play boy you'r home, you're dreaming, don't you know the tour's still far away boy you'r home, you're dreaming, don't you know you're having just a break dream we're going out on stage, it feels like coming home again dream we're going out on stage, it feels like coming home again dream we're going out on stage, it feels like ... year after year out on the road it's great to be here to see you all i know, for me it is like coming home day after day out on the road there's no place too far that we wouldn't go we go wherever you like to rock'n roll jump on the seats, put your hands in the air give me a shout, let me hear you're out there the wilder you scream for some more rock'n roll the higher we'll go year after year out on the road it's great to be here to rock you all i know, for me it is like coming home like coming home ...
mükemmel stratovarius balladı.. en sevdiklerimden... konuya ters kacmasına ragmen okuldan eve dönüslerde dinlenirken de ici bi hos eden sarkı.. hani bide yolda cesitli yerlerde beklemek ve 3 vasıta degistirmek gerekiyosa mümkün olabiliyo.. toparlamak gerekirse, süper sözlere sahip süper bi eser..
udo'nun "animal house" albümünde yer alan harika parça: coming home i’ve not been home for so many years and i did not regret being gone please tell me when did we talk and when did we show that we do care for something called love oh no, don’t you despair now i’m as grown up as can be can’t you forget everything and this time listen to me i’m coming home - home i’m coming home - why don’t you help me i’m coming home - home i’m coming home - why don’t you love me it’s time to remember what we’ve got together i guess it is more than we know and we should be open and turn back the wheels as far as we can go i know i am your son and everything else don’t seem real i want you back like never before i can’t take another goodbye i’m coming home - home i’m coming home - please, can’t you be there i’m coming home - home i’m coming home - please, don’t you leave me what’s done’s done - i’m your son i’ve been hurt by your lies i want peace after all that’s why i want you to let me come home i’m coming home - home i’m coming home - let’s fight together home - home i’m coming home - i’ve so much to tell you home - i’m coming home i’m coming home - time heals the scars of the past i’m coming home i’m coming home - to be by your side i’m coming home - i’m coming home i’m coming home - i’ve so much to tell you i’m coming home - i’m coming home, ...
muhteşem stratovarius şarkısı, özlem ve mesafe üzerine.. i wake up in the morning so far away from home trying to make it through the day many miles are between us i'm sending my love from this payphone through the storms we've wandered many mountains we have climbed but all the bad times are behind the road is free - i'm coming home without you i am like a ship without its sails calling the wind to save me i'd climb the highest mountain i'd cross the seven seas just to see you smile again all the trust that was built along the years is coming back to stay i know, just look ahead the road is free - i'm coming home with every step i'm closer to home when i'm back you won't be alone soon i'll see the familiar door before my eyes and you... through the storms we've wandered many mountains we have climbed all the bad times are behind the road is, the road is free, and i'm coming home...
amaran'ın pristine in bondage albümünden bir sarkı. eh güzel de bir sarkı. you couldn't find me anywhere out at sea, deep under raging waves i swayed captured in the arms of poseidon i lost consciousness, once again their voices laugh in ridicule did you believe that you could survive? you know your sun burns way too fast and you are nothing without our wrath all my executioners wearing masks as i crawl in dirt to find the answer to a question never asked is something true to me all familiar faces just like i recall feels so good coming home reach out your hand, wait for me there by the shore unlock your door i'm coming home from the corals she emerged and she ripped away my chains but i never got to see her face from the oceans come what may she brought out the light of day but i never got to see her face when the sky puked out it's spears i opened my arms cut in half i reached for your shadow while picking up the pieces i opened my eyes and i see that you're aiming for me
cindrella'nin coming home'u yillar gecse de ayni keyifle dinlenilebilen ve hic ama hic bikilmayan bi sarkidir. hele bir de tatil yollarinda arabada dinlemek kadar guzeli yoktur.
15 agustos 2005 tarihinde yayinlanacak yepyeni jj72 single'i..
deep purple'ın come taste the band albümünden bir şarkıdır. tommy bolin, david coverdale ve ian paice üçlüsü tarafından yazılıp bestelenmiştir. my mama showed me how to rock in the cradle but i learned how to roll along my papa said: son, gotta get some fun 'cos when you're old it ain't too good on your own been so long since you heard my song gonna pick up my guitar and play felt so bad when i had to leave you but i knew that i'd be back some day so i'm coming home to give you more than you bargained for coming home - no mistake, i'm gonna shiver and shake coming home - gonna rock and roll and give you my soul coming home - i got over the pain, i'm coming home again grooving to american bandstand b.b. onstage with lucille the thrill is gone but it won't be for long 'cos you know i like to play how you feel now that we're back together gonna shiver and shake all night i just gotta say the music i play will sure enough make you feel alright though i learned how to rock in the cradle and rolling came so easy to me all the years i travelled the world made it so clear to see mmm it's been so long since you heard my song gonna pick up my guitar and play felt so bad when i had to leave you but i knew that i'd be back some day i'm coming home to give you more than you bargained for coming home - no mistake, i'm gonna shiver and shake yeah coming home - gonna rock and roll and give you my soul coming home - i got over the pain, i'm coming home again coming home - shiver and shaking, anticipating coming home - the thrill is gone but it won't be for long coming home
jane fondaya klutetan sonra ikinci en iyi kadın oyuncu oscarını getiren flim....
kosheen'in kokopelli albümünden bir şarkı. in silence and forgotten is where i'll be til a gentle hearted stranger rescues me talk to me how you comfort me i'm bitter and i'm twisted turn me out and still i am addicted to fear and doubt cut it out i'm coming home now baby see the world through a window a thousand miles but in my heart i'm drifting to your tired eyes close your eyes the days push out a rhythm on the open ground i want to be back where we started turn it round make it safe and sound i'm coming home now baby used to be so hell bound certain to find my place in the sun but the sun's been shining every day and my work is never done sometimes i feel i might be wasting my time but then i wake up screaming and realise i'm dreaming and know it's finally my time i'm coming home now baby
wyvern in ilk ve son albümü firing first deki açılış parçası , şarkının yazılış tarihi türki cumhuriyetlerinin bağımsızlıgını kazanmaya başaladı tarihe tekabül ettiği için şarkı bütün türki cumhuriyetlerdeki kardeşlerimize adanmıştır. sözleri şöyledir: drum intro (orkun) intro lead (gökhan) you are gonna find them, it's no matter where they stay you should better take care on your wedding day no one can help you after you decide to join the army it's only your way of life to be killed by enemy chorus: hey stand up, respect the human rights no judas fight, let all know... we are coming home we are coming home evil fires in the dark night, burning up the sky ruthless killers block the sunlight, no mercy for a cry never gonna stop your fight, proud to be a man devil's soldiers gonna die, irritating the omen chorus: hey stand up, respect the human rights no judas fight, let all know... we are drawing near the dark to find a spark in a deep sea, let people see... we are coming home lead break (gökhan) evil cries in the dark night, tearing up the sky ruthless killers beg the sunlight, no mercy for them chorus: now it's your time, to see what you have done you realize that you cannot get us done hey stand up, respect the human rights no judas fight, let all know... we are coming home we are coming home coming home, coming home... * dedicated to our brothers in all other turkish republics
city and colour'ın bir şarkısı. well i've been down to georgia i've seen the streets in the west i've driven down the 90, hell i've seen america's best i've been through the rockies, i've seen saskatoon i've driven down the highway 1 just hopin' that i'd see you soon cause i'm comin' home, i'm comin' home i've never been to alaska, but i can tell you this, i've been to lincoln, nebraska and hell you know it ain't worth shit i've been through nova scotia, sydney to halifax i'll never take any pictures cause i know i'll just be right back cause i'm comin' home, i'm comin' home i've seen a palace in london, i've seen a castle in wales but i'd rather wake up beside you and breathe that ol' familiar smell i never thought you could leave me, i figured i was the one but i understand your sadness so i guess i should just hold my tongue cause i'm comin' home, i'm comin' home i know that we're takin' chances, you told me life was a risk but i just have one last question... will it be my heart or will it be his? i'm comin' home
efsanevi kiss parçası.. hotter than hell albümündendir.. mtv unplugged'da da bir güzel çalıp söyledikleri bir parçadır.. o da ayrıca tadından yenmez.. ayrıca maryslim cover'ı hızlı ve güzeldir.. sözleri: it's been a month or two since i was sleepin' with you i'm comin' home again i've been to east and west, but baby i like best the road that leads to you oh girl, it seems the whole wide world seems to say hotels that all look the same just seem to drive me insane but i can't get away until i receive a call that tells me that will be all and then i hop a plane it's true, i'm not sure if you knew i'm comin' home to you oh girl, it seems the whole wide world seems to say hotels that all look the same just seem to drive me insane but i can't get away until i receive a call that tells me that will be all and then i hop a plane it's true, i'm not sure if you knew i'm comin' home to you i'm comin' home to you i'm comin' home to you i'm comin' home, baby
herşeyinizi elinizden alan o şehri * bırakıp gitmeye, doğup büyüdüğünüz yere dönmeye karar verdiğinizde, hayatın bir dönüm noktasına daha gelindiği an dinlenildiğinde terk etmek için daha da cesaret veren stratovarius şarkısıdır. all the bad times are behind.. the road is free.. i'm coming home..
chris norman'in son albumunun adidir.
stratovarius şarkısı. sonlarına doğru bateriye, gitara her bi şeye abanma had safhadadır. ama çok duygulu bir abanmadır bu (bkz: o ne lan).
aynı isimdeki 5738 farklı parçadan megadeth'e ait olanının sözleri de şöyledir: and today, i leave you but i'll be back someday and as i fly away my hope is that we'll meet again i'm off to my home away from home i will miss you but i know i know you know i'm coming home to arizona i'm coming home to arizona i'll take you everywhere i go i'll show you everything i see and as we say so long i know your tears wish me well it won't be long till i'm back again we will meet again we will meet again you will see, oh i'm coming home to arizona i'm coming home
wyvern'e ait olanının (bkz: #9466812) video klibi de şurdadır efenim: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ihek2a5fe4
2007 çıkışlı blackbird albümünden bir alter bridge parçası.. as i peel away all the years of pain i discovered what's been all along you were so right i was so wrong every shooting star they all fall so hard they all fade like a played out song now is the time before all is lost i'm coming home i'm coming home so i'm coming home lost on a road i don't belong i'll rest my song i'm so alone far from the streets i call my own i'm coming home rushing back to me as the city sleeps so afraid of what i will find memories they haunt from deep inside every broken man comes to understand that he'll never find paradise when all that he wants was there all the time so i'm coming home back to a world left long ago and now i know i'm coming home i'll find my way back i'm letting go i'm coming home we come to find what we take for granted keeps us alive in the end so don't let time leave you empty handed reach out tonight and make amends so i'm coming home back to the place where i belong i'll rest my song i'm so alone far from the streets i call my own
(bkz: eve dönüş)
i'd climb the highest mountain i'd cross the seven seas just to see you smile again sözleriyle her dinleyişimizde yüreğimizi acıtan stratovarius parçası.koltuğun altına sıkıştırılan umutla çıkılır yola.uzaklarda uyanılan sabaha söylenir ilk dörtlüğü ,mırıldanarak geçilir telefon başına lakin açmaz kimse,nakarat söylenmeden geçilir, vakti gelmemiştir henüz.sonra içinizi ısıtan o gülümseme gelir aklınıza. dayanılamayacağı anlaşıldığı vakit toplarsınız iyileşmek için herbiryere saçtıklarınızı. bu defa geldiğiniz yolun diğer ucundasınızdır , herşey unutulmuş ve beklenen o müthiş an gelmiştir,tüm gücünüzle haykırmaya başlarsınız "the road is free - i'm coming home".yol boyu aralıksız kafanızı meşgul eden bu sözlerle umutsuzluk içinde nasılda mutlu olduğunuzun farkına varıp boş boş gülümseye başlarsınız.yolun sonuna yaklaştıkça daha sık atmaya başlar kalbiniz belki de hiç bu kadar mutlu olmamaşsınızdır, belki de boşluğun verdiği birşeydir bu ama umrunuzda mı?lakin gelip görürsünüz ki bıraktıklarınız yerlerinde yoktur,o andan itibaren beyhude yere söylenen sözler olur sizin için kutsanmış o dizeler.
falco'ya ait olanin sozleri: one year ago ein jahr eine ewigkeit es war liebe auf den ersten blick niemand heute und verstehen du und ich, gegen die welt ihr habt und verurteilt ihr habt mich verurteilt aber unsere zeit ist gekommen wenn ein traum wirklichkeit wird coming home, im coming home let me show you who i am let me show you im your man i would give anything just ot see you again coming home, im coming home let me show you that i care let me show you that i share i would give anything to see jeanny again du hast dich verändert wir haben uns verändert das leben ist veränderung denkst du noch an mich? sprst du es noch? fr immer und immer bist du bei mir? ich bin sehr nahe take care because im coming home let me show you that i care let me show you that i share i would give anything to see jeanny again coming home let me show you that i care let me show you that i share i would give anything to see jeanny again coming home denkst du noch an mich? liebst du mich noch? wo bist du? kommst du wieder? denkst du noch an mich? liebst du mich noch? wo bist du? coming home yeah hes coming home love will never die love will never fade away coming home
stratovarius versiyonu, askerliğin son dönemlerinde nöbet esnasında söylendiği takdirde kişiye sabır, güç, her ne gerekiyorsa verecek şarkıdır.
muhtesem stratovarius eseri..
arabadan ayrılırken kısa farlar, dış ayna muhafazalarındaki çevre aydınlatma lambaları, arka stop lambaları ve plaka aydınlatması gecikmeli olarak söndürülmesi olayıdır. ha neyimize lazım olur derseniz; biz ülke olarak arabalarımız dağa, bayıra park ettiğimizden gece eve gelince etrafta eğer sokak lambası falan yoksa yolu ve evin kapısını bulmamıza yardımcı olur. pek coğunuz için kullanışsız olabilir ama benim için bir vazgeçilmezdir. tam tersi için (bkz: leaving home)
murder by death isimli grubun country tadında şarkısı. sözleri itibariyle yolculuğu, daha doğrusu kendini yollara vurmayı çağrıştırır. vokalin sesi bir miktar sivert hoyem'e benziyor bu şarkıda. müzikte madrugada'yı çağrıştırmıyor değil zaten. şarkının orginal adı comin' home fakat sözlükte evrimleşip coming haline geliyor. önemli bir ayrıntı gibi görünmese de şarkıyı dinledikten sonra aradaki fark belirginleşiyor. lk olarak sons of anarchy 'nin bir bölümünde duydum fakat inglourious basterds'in soundtrack'inde de mevcutmuş sanırım. by the light of the moon, i’m comin’ home howlin’ all the way, i’m comin’ home on my hands and knees, i’m comin’ home i know when i’ve been beat, yea, i’m comin’ home by the skin of my teeth, i’m comin’ home by the soul of my feet, you know i’m comin’ home i’m comin’ home, but i ain’t comin’ for you i’m ridin' out the wind, i’m comin’ home it don’t matter where i’ve been, i’m comin’ home crawlin’ on all fours, i’m comin’ home turnin’ brick walls into doors, i’m comin’ home i’ve got the taste in my mouth i’ve got a hunger in my gut my skin has turned to leather my hair is banded rope my knees have buckled beneath the weight of doubt but now i miss things that i have done without i’m comin’ home, but i ain’t comin’ home for you i’m comin’ home, ain’t nothin’ you can do about it ain’t nothin’ you can do about it don't leave the light on don't need you anymore, my old friend put a cross above the door lay up the boards i'm on my way i'm comin' home i'm comin' home i'm comin' home i'm comin' home i'm comin' home
double bubble albumunden cool bir stereo mcs sarkisidir, belki bir black gold degildir ama cok severim. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inj84fn7tky
lynyrd skynyrd'ın bir parçası. ve tabii ki lynyrd skynyrd'dan olan comin' home için yazıyorum; memleket özlemi çeken her insana dinletilmesi gereken, güneyli türküsüdür. buyrun sözler: (copy paste) it's been so long since i've been gone another day might be too long for me traveling around i've had my fill of broken dreams and dirty deals a concrete jungle surrounding me many nights i've slept out in the streets i paid my dues and i changed my style seen hard times. all over now i want to come home. it's been so long since i've been away and please, don't blame me 'cause i've tried i'll be coming home soon to your love to stay i miss old friends that i once had times ain't changed and i'll be glad when i go home i don't know why the thought came to me but why i'm here i really can't see. and now... i want to come home. it's been so long since i've been away and please, don't blame me 'cause i've tried i'll be coming home soon to your love to stay coming home to stay coming home to your love, mama i've seen better days i miss old friends that i once had times ain't changed and i'll be glad when i go home i don't know why the thought came to me but why i'm here i really can't see. and now... i want to come home. it's been so long since i've been away and please, don't blame me 'cause i've tried i'll be coming home soon to your love to stay coming home to stay coming home to your love, mama i've seen better days
the final frontier ın en beğendim parçası. 5.06 süreye ve girişinde, ortasında ve sonunda kullanılan çok güzel bir gitar riffine ve de aşağıdaki gibi sözlere sahip olan parça. when i stand before you shining in the early morning sun when i feel the engines roar and i think of what we've done oh the bittersweet reflection as we kiss the earth goodbye as the waves and echoes of the towns become the ghosts of time over borders that divide the earthbound tribes no creed and no religion just a hundred winged souls we will ride this thunderbird, silver shadows on the earth a thousand leagues away, our land of birth to albion's land coming home when i see the runway lights in the misty dawn the night is fading fast coming home, far away as their vapor trails align where i've been tonight, you know i will not stay curving on the edge of daylight til it slips into the void waited in the long night, dreaming til the sun is born again stretched the fingers of my hand, covered countries with my span just a lonely satellite, speck of dust and cosmic sand over borders that divide the earthbound tribes through the dark atlantic; over mounting stormy waves we will ride this thunderbird, silver shadows on the earth a thousand leagues away, our land of birth to albion's land coming home when i see the runway lights in the misty dawn the night is fading fast coming home, far away as their vapor trails align where i've been tonight, you know i will not stay to albion's land coming home when i see the runway lights in the misty dawn the night is fading fast coming home, far away as their vapor trails align where i've been tonight, you know i will not stay coming home, far away when i see the runway lights in the misty dawn the night is fading fast coming home, far away as their vapor trails align where i've been tonight, you know i will not stay
verse kısmı, chorus kısmından daha vurucu olan iron maiden güzelliği, the final frontier'ın en iyilerinden. over borders that divide the earthbound tribes no creed and no religion just a hundred winged souls we will ride this thunderbird, silver shadows on the earth a thousand leagues away, our land of birth
the final frontier'ın daha ilk dinleyişte büyüleyen şarkısı. şarkıyı bir daha bir daha dinlemekten, diğerlerini adam akıllı dinleyemiyor insan. tek sorunu o.
03.35 de başlayan orgazmik solosu ile the final frontier'ın dikkat çekici şarkılarından.
(bkz: out of the shadows)
röyksopp'un senior albümünün en iyilerden.
grave digger'ın da artık bu isimde bir parçası vardır, ne mutlu...
senior albümünde çokça klasik olmaya aday parça var, onlardan biri bu. uzun zamandır ilk defa kulaklıkla müzik dinliyorum bugün, işten eve dönüyorum. belki onun için bu kadar güzel geliyor parça. saçmalamanın sınırlarını zorlamak istediğim bi boyutta fakat okuduğum ve duyduğum her şeyin gerizekalıca ve gereksizce geldiği bi zamanımdayım. gün boyu acımasızca eleştiriyorum her söylenileni -içimden- götüm yemiyor çünkü çok aptalsın demeye karşımdakine. neyse böle bi zamanımda bunu dinliyorum, bende bir aydınlanma! hayır olmuyor tabi ki. sadece coming home işte, kürkçü dükkanı, huzur, başka bi şey değil. http://soundcloud.com/royksopp/coming-home
2010 çıkışlı the clans will rise again albümünden bir grave digger parçası.. for glory and fame i wandered the earth and now i've come back to the place of my birth where shadows turn human see mountain streams ghosts of buried centuries in my shattered dreams wild winds, heavy rain beneath scottish skies sad faces, bloody reigns but shining eyes i play the tunes for my brothers and glen the woods of my childhood call me again for the colours of freedom so far i did roam cause i'm the piper and i coming home the sound of the drums from the hills far away like a thunder they roar and call me to stay as a sailor a soldier as a brave true ancient scot i play tunes for the freedom for a life full of rock wild winds, heavy rain beneath scottish skies sad faces, bloody reigns but shining eyes i play the tunes for my brothers and glen the woods of my childhood call me again for the colours of freedom so far i did roam cause i'm the piper and i coming home
diddy nin . skylar gray ve dirty money ile beraber çalıştığı yeni single ı.canavar gibin,tutar bu. i'm coming home i'm coming home tell the world i'm coming home let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday i know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes i'm coming home, i'm coming home tell the world that i'm coming back where i belong, yeah i never felt so strong (i'm back baby) i feel like there's nothing that i can't try and if you with me put your hands high (put your hands high) if you ever lost a light before, this ones for you and you, the dreams are for you i hear "the tears of a clown" i hate that song i feel like they talking to me when it comes on another day another dawn another keisha, nice to meet ya, get the math i'm gone what am i 'posed to do when the club lights come on its easy to be puff, its harder to be sean what if the twins ask why i aint marry their mom (why, damn!) how do i respond? what if my son stares with a face like my own and says he wants to be like me when he's grown sh-t! but i aint finished growing another night the inevitible prolongs another day another dawn just tell taneka and taresha i'll be better in the morn' another lie that i carry on i need to get back to the place i belong i'm coming home i'm coming home tell the world i'm coming home let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday i know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes i'm coming home, i'm coming home tell the world that i'm coming "a house is not a home", i hate this song is a house really a home when your loved ones are gone and n-ggas got the nerve to blame you for it and you know you woulda took the bullet if you saw it but you felt it and still feel it and money can't make up for it or conceal it but you deal with it and you keep ballin' pour out some liquor, play ball and we keep ballin' baby we've been living in sin 'cause we've been really in love but we've been living as friends so you've been a guest in your own home it's time to make your house your home pick up your phone, come on i'm coming home i'm coming home tell the world i'm coming home let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday i know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes i'm coming home, i'm coming home tell the world that i'm coming "ain't no stopping us now", i love that song whenever it comes on it makes me feel strong i thought i told y'all that we won't stop we back cruising through harlem, viso blocks it's what made me, saved me, drove me crazy drove me away than embraced me forgave me for all of my shortcomings welcome to my homecoming yeah it's been a long time coming lot of fights, lot of scars, lot of bottles lot of cars, lot of ups, lot of downs made it back, lost my dog (i miss you big) and here i stand, a better man! (a better man) thank you lord (thank you lord) i'm coming home i'm coming home tell the world i'm coming home let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday i know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes i'm coming home, i'm coming home tell the world that i'm coming
rosamunde pilcher'ın pek güzel bir romanı. ailesi uzak doğuda olan judith'in ikinci dünya savaşı dönemindeki hayatını anlatıyor. savaş dönemi anlatıldığı halde çok dingin ve huzur dolu bir havası var, pastel tonlarındaki bir resim gibi. insanın ressam olup cornwall'da bohem bir hayat yaşayası geliyor. 1998'de filmi de yapılmış ve hatta filmde peter o'toole, paul bettany, keira knightley gibi isimler rol almış.
(bkz: the final frontier) 'ın en vurucu şarkısıdır. o nasıl solodur. uçtum kondum başka diyarlara.
enrique iglesias'in euphoria albumunden bir sarkisi. sometimes i feel i'm going nowhere i'm moving but i just can't find the way surrounded by a million faces they all say, they might be friends take another drink to hide the sorrow but come the morning, nothing's changed the concrete skies are rushing by me this is wrong, it's getting on i don't wanna wait until it's over i don't wanna wait until it's gone i can't wait until tomorrow cause i been waiting for so long so baby i'm coming home, oh oh baby i'm coming home heard the radio play your favourite song made me think of all the things we used to do there's so much we used to talk about and now i can't, even when i say i miss you, no i don't wanna wait until it's over i don't wanna wait until it's gone i can't wait until tomorrow, no cause i been waiting for so long so baby i'm coming home, oh oh baby i'm coming home so turn around, just turn around i don't wanna wait until it's over i don't wanna wait until it's gone, oh no i can't wait until tomorrow cause i been waiting for so long so baby i'm coming home, oh oh baby i'm coming home baby i'm coming home, oh oh baby i'm coming home...
sözleri müziğine göre normal kalmış bir city and colour şarkısı. daha çok dinlersem belki de, ya da daha çok gezersem daha anlamlı gelecek şarkı. neticede mavi sakal'ın iki yol'u olacak değil ya... kendimi sevmeye zorlamışım dinginliği yüzünden. sözlerini anlamıyormuş gibi yapınca romantizmimi bozmadan aynı şekilde sevmeye devam edebiliyorum. 'çok memleketler gezdim şu kocaman dünyada senin gibi görmedim. comin' home , estarabim.' güzel bir şarkıdır. iyi günler.
30 saniyelik muhteşem skylar grey şarkısı.
diddy'nin belki de kariyeri boyunca yaptığı en etkileyici şarkılardan biri. aslında onca sene sonra, diddy'nin bize sunduğu ekstra birşey yok. ama düet konusunda skylar grey seçimi, şarkıyı daha da mükemmelleştirmiş.
dinleyen insana bir (rakamla 1) dakika içinde önce "aman allahım son zamanlarda dinlediğim en güzel şarkı" diye, sonra da "olabilirdi ama rap girince mahvoldu herşey" diye düşündürten şarkı. diddy'e ait olan için söylüyorum; bu kadar güzel başlayıp bu kadar kötü devam eden bir şarkı olamaz.
röyksopp şarkısı. senior albümünden.. albümün sekizinci şarkısı.. sözleri olsaydı onu da yazardım tam olurdu. ama eksik oldu böyle. akvaryumda yüzen balıkları izlerken dinlemek için yapılmış olduğunu düşünüyorum bu şarkının..
8 saat sonra son görevinden dönecek olan discovery uzay mekiğinin mürettabatını uyandırmak için kullanılmış şarkı. nadide insan gwyneth paltrow'un söylediği.
izlanda'nın eurovision 2011 şarkısı
bir pilot olan bruce dickinson'ın "problem earthfags?" dediği şarkı.
dinlediğim ilk andan beri saplandığım şarkı. the final frontier albümünün en iyi parçası bence.
normalde sigurjón brink tarafindan seslendirilecekti. izlanda henuz daha kendi sarkisini secme arifesindeyken brink'in 36 yasinda ani olumu gerceklesiyor. sonrasinda brink tarafindan yazilan aftur heim yarisma icin seciliyor. coming home olarak ingilizceye cevrilen sarki simdi gercekten brink'in arkadaslari olan bes kisilik bir grup (sigurjon's friends) tarafindan seslendirilecek.
solosundan fena halde jimi hendrix tadı aldığım şarkı(iron maiden). özellikle hendrix'in little wing şarkısındaki soloya benzettim.
19 haziran 2011 iron maiden istanbul konserinde tarafımdan kaydedilmiş halini aşağıdaki linkten izleyebilirsiniz. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrtwull5pci
volkswagen 'in araçlarinda kullandigi konforta dayali bir far fonksiyonu. siz aracinizi park edip terkettiginizde evinize doğru giderken farlariniz hala bir müddet açik kalir, sürücüler eve ulaşana kadar yolu aydinlatarak kolaylik saglamasi düsünülmüş. yalniz, parkettiginiz yere gore çoğu kişi sizi ' farlariniz açik kaldi ' diyerek uyaracaktir, siz de ' haaa o kendisi kapanir birazdan ' diyeceksinizdir. (bkz: leaving home)
sözlerinin bir pilot* tarafından yazıldığını ilk dinlediğinizde tahmin edebildiğiniz gelmiş geçmiş en etkileyici iron maiden şarkılarından biri. uzun saçın bin telinin bir para olduğu fear of the dark döneminde kalıp grubun brave new world, a matter of life and death'te yaptıklarını takip etmeyen ve neticede the final frontier'ın da pistini pas geçenleri çok şey kaçırdıkları konusunda uyaracak kadar da güçlü bir ballad. ben uyarıldım mesela. bir de sivil havacılığı dedektörden geçerken öten düğmelerden, rötarlardan, 20 liralık poğaçalardan ve anlaşılmayan kaptan pilot konuşmasından ibaret görürdük. bu şarkıyla bir boeing 757'nin kokpitinde, flap'larınız ve iniş takımlarınız açılmış halde sislerin içinde alçalırken yaklaşan pist ışıklarına bakmanın pek hisli bir deneyim olduğunu anladım. belki bir gün kıçımı hayalperestçe kaldırıp ppl alır, 30 yaşında bir cessna 152 ile ben de benzeri bir huzura gark olabilirim. allah vere de tam o anda crosswind esmese bari. crosswind geldi mi çok fena. ha bir de evimi özlemeyi özlediğimi anlıyorum ki o bambaşka entarilerin konusu, bambaşka maymunların kılı.
diddy'nin olanını boyce avenue ağzını kırarak yorumlamıştır.
aynı zamanda beverly hills 90210 sekizinci sezon beşinci bölümünün adı.
aynı zamanda dawson's creek dördüncü sezon birinci bölümünün adı.
aynı zamanda xena warrior princess altıncı sezon birinci bölümünün adı.
"legend of the guardians the owls of ga'hoole"un lisa gerrard ve harry gregson williams imzalı soundtrack'i. filmde soren ga'hoole'da uçuş eğitimi alırken çalıyor.
aynı zamanda what i like about you dördüncü sezon on birinci bölümünün adı.
aynı zamanda mad about you altıncı sezon birinci bölümünün adı.
aynı zamanda desperate housewives ikinci sezon onuncu bölümünün adı.
final frontier albümünün aşmış şarkılarından biri. kaotik ezgiler barındırıyor.
bir pixie lott şarkısı. jason derulo eşlik ediyor.
evden uzakta olup da eve dönüş yolunda dinlenmesi gereken sarkilar listesinde olan lynyrd skynyrd sarkisidir.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eounq-e--nc
