muamma, bir kizin vermemesi hali... biraz daha kasalim mi, yolu verelim mi ikilemi...
bob marley - kaya albümünden bir şarkı. they say the sun an-a shines for all, but-a yin some people world, it never shine at all. mm-mm-mm. they say love is a stream that will find its course; i mean - some-a people think life is a dream so they making matters worse. but no matter what the crisis is; no matter what the crisis is: doin' it, doin' it, doin' your thing! (give jah all the thanks and praises!) givin' it, givin' it, givin' it, givin' it! (give jah all the thanks and praises!) so - so - so much have been said, so little (been done) been done they still killin' - killin' the people and they - and they havin' (havin' their fun) - havin'-a - havin'-a lots of fun - killin' the people, oo-yoo! - (havin' fun) havin' their fun! they just want to be the leader in the 'ouse of the risin' sun. but no matter what the crisis is; oh, no, oh, no no - no what the crisis is: do your - live it up, live it up, live it up, live it up! (give jah all the thanks and praises!) live it up, live it up, live it up, live it up! (give jah all the thanks and praises!) --- /instrumental break/ --- they say the sun-un-un-un shines for all, but-a yin some people world, it never shine at all! they say love is a stream, that will find its course, and every river runs to sea; some people still think life is a dream, so they - so they makin' - makin' it worse. no matter what the crisis is; no matter what the crisis is: do it: live it up, live it up, live it up, live it up! (give jah all the thanks and praises!) live it up, live it up, live it up, live it up! (give jah all the thanks and praises!) (give jah all the thanks and praises!) his mercies endureth for ever, yeah! (give jah all the thanks and praises!) oh, children, come on, and give jah - (give jah all the thanks and praises!) children, come on, and give jah - (give jah all the thanks and praises!) /fadeout/
fear factory - soul of a new machine albümünden bir şarkı. you that i despise repentance of sorts death comes naturally not from a hated war repentance repentance of faith repentance of hope repentance of hate chorus: not my war soldiers marching on not my war soldiers marching on on your feet! crisis at hand on your feet soldier! crisis at hand on your feet soldier! on your feet motherfucker! repeat chorus crisis crisis crisis repeat chorus crisis crisis crisis crisis
çoğulu için (bkz: crises)
crisis: yunanca krisis'ten, karar*. (bkz: kriz/@zifir)
henry kissinger kitabı. yom kippur savaşı ile vietnam savaşı'nın son günlerinde kissinger'ın telefon konuşmalarının kayıtlarının külliyatı gibi bir şey.
alexisonfire'ın üçüncü stüdyo albümü. 21 ağustos 2006'da piyasaya sürülen ve kanada'da listelere birinci sıradan giren albümün bir de içinde ekstra materyal bulunan usb flash diskli versiyonu bulunmakta. tracklisti ise şöyle: drunks, lovers, sinners and saints this could be anywhere in the world * mailbox arson boiled frogs we are the sound you burn first we are the end crisis keep it on wax to a friend rough hands
(bkz: planet of giants)
(bkz: crysis)
smallville'in ucuncu sezonundan bir bolum ismi.bu bolumde clark yine lana'nın hayatını kurtarır; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcisavfss-q
1977'de kurulmuş, post-punk yapan, douglas pearce'ın death in june öncesi grubu.
sanki tek eksigi transgression gibi duran 2002 tarihli jake fairley albumu. 1. exploder 2. work 3. ebos 4. over the edge 5. street duck 6. dance floor suicide 7. yugo 8. the commuter 9. mad foxes 10. d-days 11. oshawa 12. in stitches 13. intersteer
altıncı nesil yazar.
