deep elm'e bağlı pasedena/annapolisli emo grubu. şimdiye kadar sadece "temporary contemporary" adında bi full-lenght albüm çıkartmışardır bi de self-titled ep'leri yayınlanmıştır. sound olarak deep elm gruplarına yakındır en çok brandtson'a benzetilebilir.
(bkz: cross my heart and hope to die)
patsy kensit'in söylediği bir cross my heart'da mevcuttur.
(bkz: cross my heart with a knife)
the rocket summer'ın süper şarkısı. cross my heart, hope to die i swear i won't say what happened that night so starting today things are gonna be alright your best you tried, and yeah you did fine no better than fine, perfect in my mind in fact, i wish your heart was mine and i can hear the memory in my ears back to the years and all those tears but hear me when i say i'm glad we steered that way because now we're here do you want to get away? get in the car we can leave today do you want to celebrate our just made little holiday? 'cause now today is your day all that stuff you used to take i'm glad you threw all that away 'cause now you look so great you never need to be afraid just know you went the right way because even though we never get things right and it gets so old just saying we'll keep trying it's mine to decide when i'll be alright i know you're going crazy (crazy) but happy is all that you make me (all you make me) and now things are gonna get better baby i know everything went wrong ok (ok) but now it's time to get some better days (some better days) 'cause i don't want to keep acting this way 'cause man i know we never get things right and it gets so old just saying we'll keep trying but it's mine to decide when and if i'll be alright.. and that's just a thing that takes time so keep going till you know when it's time, when it's right 'cause back in school man that gets cruel but one thing is true, man now look at you your heart is big enough for two because i can hear the memories in my ears back to the years and all those tears but hear me when i say i'm glad because we're here i know you're going crazy (crazy) but happy is all that you make me (you make me) and now things are gonna get better baby i know everything went wrong ok (ok) but now it's time to get some better days (better days) 'cause i don't want to keep acting this way 'cause man i know we never get things right and it gets so old just saying we'll keep trying but it's mine to decide when and if i'll be alright.. and that's just a thing that takes time
(bkz: soil) (bkz: redefine) gut knotted, you don't care mind rotting, through my stare you walk away lifeless feeling in my mind bloody hands seem so divine you think it'll go away cross my heart, hope to die i lost my dream today i lost my dream today i lost my.... cross my heart, hope to die pluck out my f***ing eye i am broken everywhere loveless bastard, i don't care i walk away tell me something i don't know tell me how i need to grow emotions drain (dream today) you, you walked away you, never planned to stay you, you walk away, just get away, just stay away i said you, never plan to stay, just walk away, just stay away i swear cross my heart hope to die cross my heart hope to, dear god my, guts knotted, showed no care mind rotted through my stare you walked away lifeless feeling everyday bloody hands were my decay you thought it'd go away
ing. yemin ederim, vallahi. -beni sonsuza dek sevecek misin gerçekten? + i cross my heart.
bir bruce springsteen şarkısı.sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun.* first time i crossed my heart i was beggin' baby, please at your bedside, down on my knees when i crossed my heart when i crossed my heart i crossed my heart, pretty baby over you second time i crossed my heart rain came in from the south i was lyin' there with something sweet and salty in my mouth when i crossed my heart when i crossed my heart when i crossed my heart, pretty darlin' over you well, you may think the world's black and white and you're dirty or you're clean you better watch out you don't slip through them spaces in between where the night gets sticky and the sky gets black i grabbed you, baby, and you grabbed me back and we crossed our hearts we crossed our hearts yeah, i crossed my heart... little boys, little girls they know their wrongs from their rights once you cross your heart you ain't ever supposed to lie well, life ain't nothin' but a cold hard ride i ain't leavin' 'til i'm satisfied i cross my heart yeah, i cross my heart
sanirsam elvis presleyin de bu isimde bir parcası bulunmaktadır.
bir billy stewart şarkısı. şarkının aklımda kalan kısmı ise şöyle: cross my heart that i love her place no one up above her i want a girl that's true (i want a girl that's true) to tell all my troubles to (tell all my troubles to) lord, why don't you send her right to me great god almighty, child i said it right now this fat boy's gonna love her place no one up above her don't you know i said on my knees every day (on my knees every day) to have none above, i pray (have none above, i pray) i said, lord send her right to me every day of my life (every day of my life) i want her to be my wife (want her to be my wife) oh, lord, hear me lord, please send her right to me cross my heart that i love her place no one up above her don't you know baby, little girl, i said i cross my heart to you don't you know, my darling
carcass'ın dağılmadan önce çıkardığı pek bilinmeyen 1996 tarihli son stüdyo albümü swansong'dan pek bilinmeyen death metal türündeki parça. albümdeki diğer parçalar gibi b akortlu ama gaz mı gazdır. kıymeti bilinmez ama yenir ki bu.
bugüne kadar sözleri neden eklenmemiş diye merak ettiren carcass şarkısı. yeah, cross my heart and hope to die it will only end in tears, eye for an eye, for an eye if beauty is only skin deep then thankfully i am blind cross my heart and hope to die cross my heart, come cross the line won't you be mine, my bloody valentine? put me on a pedestal, i'll put you on a slab! cross my heart and hope to die come, let's cross the line there's a fine line, between love and hate let's tear it apart cross my heart, and hope to die cross my heart, come let's cross the line time is no great healer, quickly the senses numb come cross my heart, void and null love is a weakness, lust conquers all cross my heart and hope to die where do we draw the line? there's a fine line between love and hate let's tear it in two cross my heart, and hope to die cross my heart, come let's cross the line let's tear it apart cross my heart, and hope to die cross my heart, come let's cross the line cross my heart, and hope to die cross my heart, come let's cross the line
