adam green sarkısı olarak karsımıza cıkıyor.pek bir sevimli klip.cocukcagızın surat ifadesi bir kere bile değişmedi(bkz: umutsuzluk)
112 nin guzel sarkisi... [chorus:] i see you looking at me i can tell by your eyes that your feeling me and i really want you to get close with me. so wont you dance with me...dance with me. my drop tops in the parking lot and i wanna take you back to my spot. we can snuggle a little, more time to us. so wont you dance with me...dance with me! [slim:] i can see you over there just chillin' with your girlfriends, can't believe your by your self you should be hear with me, chillin' with me, drinkin' with me, freakin' with me. oooohhh whoa, whoa! [chorus:] i see you looking at me i can tell by your eyes that your feeling me and i really want you to get close with me. so wont you dance with me...dance with me. my drop tops in the parking lot and i wanna take you back to my spot. we can snuggle a little, more time to us. so wont you dance with me...dance with me! [slim:] i can see it in your eyes that your looking at the time. you wanna leave this party and i know you wanna leave with me. to chill with me, to drink with me, to freak with me, oh baby! [chorus:] i see you looking at me i can tell by your eyes that your feeling me and i really want you to get close with me. so wont you dance with me...dance with me. my drop tops in the parking lot and i wanna take you back to my spot. we can snuggle a little, more time to us. so wont you dance with me...dance with me! [chorus:] i see you looking at me i can tell by your eyes that your feeling me and i really want you to get close with me. so wont you dance with me...dance with me. my drop tops in the parking lot and i wanna take you back to my spot. we can snuggle a little, more time to us. so wont you dance with me...dance with me! [slim:] everybody sing along.... [112:] if you sexy and you know it clap your hands (clap [5x]) if you sexy and you know it clap your hands (clap [5x]) if you sexy and you know it and you really wanna show it, if you sexy and you know it clap your hands (clap [5x]) yeah! [chorus:] i see you looking at me i can tell by your eyes that your feeling me and i really want you to get close with me. so wont you dance with me...dance with me. my drop tops in the parking lot and i wanna take you back to my spot. we can snuggle a little, more time to us. so wont you dance with me...dance with me! [chorus:] i see you looking at me i can tell by your eyes that your feeling me and i really want you to get close with me. so wont you dance with me...dance with me. my drop tops in the parking lot and i wanna take you back to my spot. we can snuggle a little, more time to us. so wont you dance with me...dance with me! [chorus:] i see you looking at me i can tell by your eyes that your feeling me and i really want you to get close with me. so wont you dance with me...dance with me. my drop tops in the parking lot and i wanna take you back to my spot. we can snuggle a little, more time to us. so wont you dance with me...dance with me!
grup salsa* nasıl yapılır, salsa ne denli zevkli ve yapılası bir danstır, rumba ne kadar romantiktir sorularının cevabı film.
geçenlerde moviemaxte gösterilen film. chayanne ve vanessa williams oynamaktadırlar. sevimli dans bölümleri olmasına karşın chayannein üzerinde kıroluk abidesi bir giysiyle*** singing in the raini söylediği bir sahneyi de barındırmaktadır. öyleki kendisine ömür boyu yağmurlu hava ve sokak lambalarını yasaklayasım gelmiştir.
guzel bir alphaville parcasidir ayni zamanda.
şu sıralar taksimde sürekli çalan cd, özellikle ilk parçasını baştan sona tüm istiklalde duymak mümkün
(bkz: dance for me)
adam green sarkisi olaninin sozleri asagidaki gibidir: heart and soul baby there's no goal turn the lights on bright you're a rock and roll star feel my love coming from the heavens above when my eyes meet your eyes you know it's true baby come dance with me baby come dance with me-ee on tv at the tv station baby come dance with me baby come dance with me-ee on tv at the tv station you are lost and i'm at home and nobody wants to be here alone ooo baby's in mint condition man i'm doin' some dirty wishin' let's both get on that rocket to the stars baby come dance with me baby come dance with me-ee on tv at the tv station baby come dance with me baby come dance with me-ee on tv at the tv station
(bkz: dance of the vampires)
seitkaliyev ile st. petersburg lyric ensemblein hazirladigi, kapagi la creazione di adamo islemeli tapilasi album
5 aydır satış grafiği hiç düşmeyen compilation albüm
debelah morgan'ın söylediği hot parça. (chorus) oh come and dance with me, my baby let`s dance, till we go crazy the night is young and so are we let`s make love and dance the night away (verse 1) what i really wanna do is just dance with you and feel your body tight show ya how to do it right i can show you every move i know just what to do each step will feel so fine one dance and you`ll be mine so baby when we hit the floor you`ll be asking for more let`s make love and dance the night away (chorus) oh come and dance with me, my baby let`s dance, till we go crazy the night is young and so are we let`s make love and dance the night away (verse 2) oh put your hand in mine promise i`ll take my time we`ll dance from head to toe i can dance fast or slow baby look into my eyes let the music hypnotize let our bodies synchronize one dance and you`ll be mine so baby when we hit the floor you`ll be asking for more let`s make love and dance the night away (chorus) oh come and dance with me, my baby let`s dance, till we go crazy the night is young and so are we let`s make love and dance the night away (bridge) oh when it comes to dancin` i know how to move when it comes to passion i know just what to do i feel the music inside i feel like i am alive the tempo is right let`s make love (chorus) oh come and dance let`s dance the night let`s make love and dance the night away (chorus)x 4
alphaville: "afternoons in utopia"dan cikan ilk kirkbeslik. uzak akrabasi: (bkz: garden of delight) the lords of the new church sarkisininsa iki turlusu vardir ki, uzunca bas girizgahi olan daha daha heyecanliyken, minik saksofon her ikisinde de solo saksar. sansurden kurtuldugu kadariyla, gayet sade, hos, atesli, dansoz bir de klibi. /..sado-mazohizme meylinin kucuk yaslarda basladigini muzikal faaliyetlere girdikten sonra arttigini ... orada bir arkadasiyla giristigi munakasa ve bu arkadasinin vererek okuttugu kitaplar ... temayulunu olgunlastirdigini soyledi savci sanigi nasil tanidigini dengesiz davranislari olup olmadiginin sorulmasini istedi soruldu konuskan neseli biri oldugunu bir aksam televizyon seyrederken seni oyle bir severim ki kanun bile felegini sasirir diye bagirdiktan sonra sim siki siki siki siki siki sardigini ... dogulu'ya tahsis edilen gerekce kisminda tebaruz ettirilen surette ahlaka mugayir ve sapkin faaliyetlerde bulunmustur ... maddesine tevfikan sekiz yil dokuz ay agir hapsine opua disin duzenin yedi ceddine../
st. petersburg lyric ensemble ve seitkaliyev in hazırladığı albüm. tam adı dance with me,waltz&tango. 1. 4:16 waltz of the butterfly 2. 2:39 first waltz 3. 3:16 second waltz 4. 3:31 waltz of a baby 5. 3:07 sympathique 6. 2:49 magnolia 7. 2:38 wedding for the flowers 8. 2:21 love in the river 9. 1:44 kiss 10. 3:05 lovers (el choclo ver.) 11. 2:45 luna's dance 12. 3:20 story of tango (la cumparsita ver.) 13. 2:50 tango (libertango ver.) 14. 2:21 mon ami 15. 2:02 beatiful tango 16. 4:51 eternity 17. 2:12 waltz of butterfly (pl ver.) bonus track (bkz: waltz) (bkz: tango)
nedeni bilinmez ancak bu isimdeki filmlerin chayanne'li olan versiyonu, kuba'da dogmayi kuba'da yasamayi kuba'da olmeyi yani damardan kuba'li olmayi arzulatir.
debelah morgan'in soyledigi sarki, la cumparsita'dan bolca etkilenilmis.
başına bir de talk to me ekleyince hemencik bir hot hot heat parçasına dönüşebilen sihirli sözcükler. (bkz: talk to me dance with me)
nouvelle vaguein coverladigi sarkinin lords of the new church tarafindan okunmus orijinali icin: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0ushqoc7dy
nouvelle vague coverı olan versiyonu aslında hiçbir şarkının boktan olmadığını, coverlanıp gayet de mükemmel olabileceğini düşünmeme sebep olmuştur. yarın bir gün allah belanı versin'i de birisi coverlayıp süper bir şarkı haline getirebilir mesela. o değil de, şarkının orijinalini bir kere dinledikten sonra coverı 5 kere dinlemeden kendime gelemedim, o neydi öyle... edit: yok valla aklımdan çıkmıyor, kabus gibi. ne bok yemeye dinlediysem ben bunun orijinalini.
bu da alphaville versiyonunun sozleri; when the heat of light melts into the speeding time when the king returns from the ivory city side. let the magnet-images wave the signals flashing oh so fast then you'll meet me there under the moonshine. in a lover's heaven we'll keep our promises at last in a lover's heaven we'll forget the past. do you want to dance with me through one of those lonely nights? it's more than a dream maybe we're reaching the gardens of delight. do you want to dance with me through one of those lonely nights? it's more than a dream maybe we're drowning in empires of delight. in the stardust dawn underneath the chrystal roofs where the solar boys 're playing game they never loose. where the sailors 're swaying through the lightdomes shining from the skies there you'll meet me darling anyway. in a lover's heaven we'll keep our promises at last in a lover's heaven we'll forget the past. do you want to dance with me through one of those lonely nights? it's more than a dream maybe we're reaching the gardens of delight. do you want to dance with me through one of those lonely nights? it's more than a dream maybe we're drowning in empires of delight. in a lover's heaven we'll keep our promises at last in a lover's heaven we'll forget the past. do you want to dance with me through one of those lonely nights? it's more than a dream maybe we're reaching the gardens of delight. do you want to dance with me through one of those lonely nights? it's more than a dream maybe we're drowning in empires of delight.
nouvelle vague coveri olan versiyonun sozleri su sekildedir; let's dance little stranger show me secret sins love can be like bondage seduce me once again burning like an angel who has heaven in reprieve burning like the voodoo man with devils on his sleeve won't you dance with me in my world of fantasy won't you dance with me ritual fertility like an apparition you don't seem real at all like a premonition of curses on my soul the way i want to love you well it could be against the law i've seen you in a thousand minds you've made the angels fall won't you dance with me in my world of fantasy won't you dance with me ritual fertility come on little stranger there's only one last dance soon the music's over let's give it one more chance won't you dance with me in my world of fantasy won't you dance with me ritual fertility take a chance with me in my world of fantasy won't you dance with me ritual fertility
nouvelle vague'nin 50'leri anımsatan klibi için; http://www.dailymotion.com/…aguedance-with-me_music
nouvelle vague un oldukça başaralı bir şekilde coverladığı bir parçadır mutlaka dinlenmelidir
(bkz: live with me)
the devastations in 2006 tarihli coal albumunun son sarkisi.. huzunun saf hali.. sozleri de su sekilde : so, will you dance with me? till the thrill is gone? the war is over, look... and the night is young. just dance with me. place my trembling hand, on your naked body. it's more than i can stand. for we may never meet again, so darling tell me then. if we should ever meet again, you will remember when we danced, for just a little while. for we may never meet again, so darling tell me then. if we should ever meet again, you will remember when we danced, for just a little while. and when i first heard your name, i said it over and over again, and again and we should never be the same so it could never be the same, as then. so darling dry your eyes and dance with me. it's more than i can bare. for in my broken heart, i have kept you there.
common reaction albümünden şukela bir uh huh her şarkısı. i love it how i walk away i won't feel at all don't tell me what to say there's no need to tell don't want to hear your intellect just don't think at all cause all your words are meaningless just won't fall, won't fall for me oh, the past it's getting me there's no end in sight if i could just get rid of it i will try, i will try don't want to psychoanalyze i'm just not the type cause all those words are meaningless i just won't fall, won't fall for it lie down just give it up dance with me lights out falling away into me don't stop just let it go come with me stay down cause you're burning me up dance with me
michael bolton'un insanı dansa davet eden şarkısı.
the devastations ın notalardan oluşan eşşiz sakinleştiricisi. sinirli ya da gergin olunduğunda bir doz alınması yeterlidir. tek yan etkisi sizi alıp başka diyarlara götürmesidir.
gözden kaçmış olması ilginç ama eskilerden bir the drifters şarkısıdır aynı zamanda. sözleri de şöyledir: dance with me dance with me dance with me dance with me dance with me, oh hold me closer, closer and closer much closer while the music plays, my little darlin' won't ya dance with me, hold me tighter, tighter and tighter much tighter while the rhythm sways put your lips to mine while the rhythm sways we're no longer strangers now we're more than friends so dance with me dance with me closer, closer and closer and maybe we'll be lovers when the music ends dance with me dance with me dance with me dance with me dance with me, dance with me closer, closer and closer and maybe we'll be lovers when the music ends dance with me dance with me dance with me dance with me dance with me
the sounds'un dans ettiren şarkısı. sözleri; it's funny how we've seem to made it. it's funny how we can even walk up straight. last night you sat home waiting, and i got home much too late so what if we loose our minds, so what if it doesn't make much sense at least we know we're lazy, at least we know how to play, we're so great. come on, come on, come, get up and dance with me, yeah no more, no more blue days and lonely years and i'm afraid i need my baby i'm afraid he doesn't know it yet. someday i will tell him maybe it's been like this since i don't know when, but it's great. come on, come on, come, get up and dance with me, yeah no more no more blue days and lonely years come on, come on, come, get up and dance with me, yeah no more no more blue days for you my dear i've always been told, you will never grow old you live your life too fast, but i don't want to rest i'm not old and tired, but i've been trough fire and i've seen enough, and i might never be the same again, but have you seen my friends, they're just the same
alphaville klibi icin soyluyorum: los isiklandirmalari, hizli akan goruntuleri ve asiri dusuk pikselli goruntuleri veri alarak desteksiz sekilde soyluyorum ki, bu klipte dunyanin en guzel kizi oynamistir. simdi teyze olmustur ya, neyse.
mekandaki herkesin beraber dans ettikleri, rueda yaptıkları, samimi bir havası olan film. ayrıca bir de filmin sonundaki yarışmanın rumba bölümünde ana gabriel tarafından seslendirilen eres todo en mi vardır ki sezen aksu etkisi yapıyor.
icerisinde milyon tane melodi duyarmis gibi bir hissi yasatan, enerjisi enfes nouvelle *sarkisi. bir varmis diye basliyor, bir yokmus demesini duymak istemedigim bir masal gibi.
http://vimeo.com/13015604
bir arkadaşım grooveshark listeme eklediğinden beri durup durup dinlemekten vazgeçemediğim şarkı. the way i wanna love you well it could be against the law..*
o siyah beyaz klipteki üçlü dans figürlerinin senkronize olmaması daha da doğal kılıyor klibi. klip derken de (bkz: bande a part)
nouvelle vague böyle şarkılar yapıyor sonra bizim gibi dansa yetenekli olmayanlar üzülüyor. daha sonra anlıyorlar ki önemli olan dansı güzel etmek değil, dansı rezil de etsen asla rezil olmayacağın biriyle beraber rezil etmek. işte o zaman seviniyor bu yeteneksizler. ta ki dans partnerlerini kollarından kaçırana kadar. bu figürler sahi bu kadar da rezil miydi diye düşünüyorlar sonra ayna karşısında.
air supply'ın mumbo jumbo albümünün 2. parçası. uzun bir süre max fm'de günde 20-30 kere çalmaktayken, şu sıralar 2-3'e düşmüş olsa da harikadır, çalsa da dinlesek dedirtir. sözler ise şu şekildir: dance with me let me put my arms around you step into the sound, close your eyes, you will see dance with me, i don't have an explanation i only want to feel part of you next to me i’ve thought about it for so long, that it could never be i run away from every song, and wait until the final song. if you would only dance with me let me pull your body closer read your lips, speak your mind when you say dance with me, don't wait until the music’s over i don't want to watch as the night slips away i’m standing here and i confess, the way you look inside that dress is bringing life onto this wooden floor for one last time the band will play and i am only steps away from feeling like i’ve never felt before dance with me, let me pull your body closer let me read your lips speak your mind when you say dance with me; don't wait until the music's over i don't want to watch as the night slips away dance with me, let me put my arms around you
orijinalini galiba bi tek ben seviyorum. tamam nouvelle vague cover'ı da iyi ama the lords of the new church versiyonu bambaşka yahu bence. ben dinliyorum siz de dinleyin, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cyn14ki5o8
ilk dans şarkısı olsun, beni benden alsın.
ne zaman bir sessizlik olsa, kafamın içinde nouvelle vague yorumu çalan şarkı. sessizlikte huzur arıyor sanırım insan. şarkıda kullanılan dans teklifinin ardında neler yattığını söylememe gerek yok. ikinci satıra iyi bakalım. doğru analiz edelim. "won't you dance with me in my world of fantasy"
michael mcdermott'un cherry crushta kulağımıza çalınan yavaş başlayıp hızlı biten gaz(!) parça.
iamx'in volatile times albümünden bir şarkı. buyrun sözleri : i tried to see, to believe that there was only greed, only greed dance with me on the white coal , run with me through the flames. the bars of the cage will bend, but will remain but there is always pain, there is always pain
buraya yazılmamış olmasına şaşırdığım, eskilerin soft ya da pop rock grubu orleans'ın büyüleyici parçası, sözleri de burada... dance with me orleans dance with me, i want to be your partner can't you see the music is just starting? night is calling, and i am falling dance with me fantasy could never be so giving i feel free, i hope that you are willing pick your feet up, and kick your feet up dance with me let it lift you off the ground starry eyes, and love is all around i can take you where you want to go dance with me, i want to be your partner can't you see the music is just starting? night is calling, and i am falling dance with me let it lift you off the ground starry eyes, and love is all around i can take you where you want to go fantasy could never be so giving i feel free, i hope that you are willing to pick your feet up, kick your feet up and dance with me dance with me, i want to be your partner can't you see the music is just starting? night is calling, and i am falling dance with me dance with me dance with me http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6yphdykn3a
nouvelle vague'in o pamuk sesinden dinlemek gerek bu şarkıyı, öyle güzel ki. gözünü kapa ve dinle şarkıyı. bir süre sonra içinde bir coşkuyla sağa sola sallanmaya başlıyorsunuz.
old 97's in 2008 de çıkardığı blame it on gravity albümünden çıkardıkları keyifli bir şarkı. kopyala yapıştırın en güzel öreneklerin biriyle sözler aşağıda: underneath the foreign stars in a foreign place where they don’t love you i do care, in the pale moonlight your eyes are wide and the band plays… everybody wants you and he takes your hand tenderly and he whispers sweet surrender, nothing how he feels about girls like you your flip flop smiles, and your big blue eyes on vacation dance with me into the ocean roll with me into the sea don’t tell me the world is in trouble do you want to dance with me? go, changes hands as the big waves crash and dream don’t die but i do where were you when i needed you right now the telephone just rings, i’m gonna find you… dance with me, into the ocean roll with me, into the sea don’t tell me the world is in trouble do you want to dance with me, oh do you want to dance with me? underneath the foreign sun with a foreign man who is gone and almost forgotten take everything you see and remember us and wonder, if you will be forgiven… dance with me, into the ocean roll with me, into the sea don’t tell me the world is in trouble don’t tell me the world is in trouble dance with me, into the ocean roll with me, into the sea don’t tell me the world is in trouble do you want to dance with me do you want to dance with me, oh do you want to dance with me?
aynı zamanda america's next top model on üçüncü sezon altıncı bölümünün adı.
nouvelle vogue'ye ait olanın discolog tarafından yapılan remix'i de kesinlikle dinlemeye ve salınmaya değer olmuş
