ingilizce tehlikeli..
michael jackson'in icinde black or white, jam, who is it, remember the time, keep it in the closet gibi parcalari olan albumu..
1989 yılında depeche modeun çıkardığı personal jesus singleında yer alan şarkı. sözleri : the things you do aren't good for my health the moves you make you make for yourself the means you use aren't meant to confuse although they do they're the one's that i would choose i wouldn't want it any other way you wouldn't let me any way dangerous the way you leave me wanting more dangerous that's what i want you for dangerous when i am in your arms dangerous know i won't come to harm the lies you tell aren't meant to deceive they're not there for me to believe i've heard your vicious words you know by now it takes alot to see me hurt i couldn't take it any other way but there's a price i have to pay
ayrıca bir roxettein look sharp! albümünde yer alan hit şarkısı. sözleri: you pack your bag. you take control. you're moving into my heart and into my soul. get out of my way! get out of my sight! i won't be walking on thin ice to get through the night. hey, where's your work? what's your game? i know your business but i don't know your name... hold on tight, you know she a little bit dangerous. she's got what it takes to make ends meet the eyes of a lover that hit like heat. you know she's a little bit dangerous. you turn around, so hot and dry. you're hiding under a halo, your mouth is alive. get out of my way! get out of my sight! i'm not attracted to go deeper tonight. hey, what's your word? what's your game? i know your business but i don't know your name... hold on tight, you know she a little bit dangerous. she's got what it takes to make ends meet the eyes of a lover that hit like heat. you know she's a little bit dangerous. she's armed and extremely dangerous...
michael jacksonın aşağıdaki şarkıları içeren albümü ve albümle aynı adlı bir şarkısı.. jam why you wanna trip on me in the closet she drives me wild remember the time cant let her get away heal the world black or white who is it give in to me will you be there keep the faith gone too soon "dangerous"* the way she came into the place i knew right then and there there was something different about this girl the way she moved her hair, her face, her lines divinity in motion as she stalked the room i could feel the aura of her presence every head turned feeling passion and lust the girl was persuasive the girl i could not trust the girl was bad the girl was dangerous i never knew but i was walking the line come go with me i said i have no time she said don't you pretend we didn't talk on the phone my baby cried and left me standing alone chorus: she's so dangerous the girl is so dangerous take away my money throw away my time you can call me honey but your no damn good for me she came at me in sections with the eyes of desire i fell trapped into her web of sin a touch, a kiss a whisper of love i was at the point of no return deep in the darkness of passion's insanity i felt taken by lust's strange inhumanity this girl was persuasive this girl i could not trust the girl was bad the girl was dangerous i never knew but i wan living in vain she called my house and said you know my name and don't you pretend you never did me before with tears in her eyes my baby walked out the door chorus dangerous the girl is so dangerous i have to pray to god 'cause i know how lust can blind it's a passion in my soul but you're no damn lover friend of mine and then it happened she touched me for the lips of a strange woman drop as a honeycomb and her mouth was smoother than oil but her inner spirit and words were as sharp as a two-edged sword but i loved it 'cause it's dangerous i cannot sleep alone tonight my baby left me here tonight i cannot cope 'til it's all right you and your manipulation you hurt my baby chorus
arka arkaya 100 kez dinleyipte bayilmayan tapilasi dm sarkisi
frente'nin marvin the album'deki $arkisi. do you ever wake up in the morning somebody's changed the deal who you are, the way you feel the whole situation's just a little unreal you're sleeping with an eight minute warning living hanging over your head it's just god's hand but i understand sometimes it's kinda difficult to get out of bed naked in my storm you haven't even got a future just to keep you warm you once were something wild someone's lover, someone's child do you hear that sound? another young lover just hit the ground do you know me at all? do you ever look out of the window somebody's changed the scene you feel like you're standing in another country nobody can understand what you mean are you happy with your human hatred? stand up and look into the vacancy and tell me - have you already decided to die? have you already decided to die? do you hear that sound? another young lover just hit the ground all the boys and girls are falling in a hush in the unkind world i remember a time when we were all quite prepared to climb, but we were so young and the one you say you love is just the one you most mistrust and you tiptoe through your lives you pretend you're all so dangerous
yes'in union albumunun 11. $arkisi. come into the light, passing through wisdom. hoping for love, all at the knees. you come across; you get too much. everybody needs it; don't show your body. so dangerous - this fear of love so dangerous - can you handle it? so dangerous - to love so dangerous - everyone else can do it walking the street, you're breaking your love. lose your heart, all in a mess. in the middle of the night, looking for a little and to the some; don't show your body. death defying - hurt by love passing through shadows - don't lose your body so dangerous - this fear of love so dangerous - can you handle it? so dangerous - to keep this fear of love so dangerous - to let it go i don't imagine i see it; don't get confused. in the light, through the night... look in the light, through the night of what you're searching for. hide from your heart here in the arms of wanting. hide from the dark here in the arms of love. run from the fear inside the darkest reaches. look to yourself; you'll see the light of fear. so dangerous - this fear of love so dangerous - can you handle it? so dangerous - to love so dangerous - everyone else can do it so dangerous - give to the hear of love.
(bkz: busta rhymes)
a-side'i aratmayan depeche mode b-side'larindan. "you know by now it takes alot to see me hurt" ile duygusal dunyanin saglam ayar cumlelerinden birini icerir. melodisi nedeniyle afrodizyak etkisi vardir, partilerde calindiginda birsuru cift seksi dans etmeye calisip komik duruma duser. oysaki sozlere dikkat edip cool olmak lazimdir bu sarkida*
eski bir commodore ve pc oyunu rick dangerous
kanımca michael jackson'ın en iyi albümüdür.şaka gibidir...
(bkz: vay be denciris ha)
michael bu albumu yaptıktan sonra "bu album 100 milyon satmazsa ben de bu işi bilmiyorum" demiş thriller ı geçeceğinden emin bir şekilde piyasaya sürmüştür albumu. albümün ilk single ı black or white 38hafta 1numarada kalarak ve 100 haftadan fazla listeyi terk etmeyerek kırılması güç bir rekora imza atmıştır. albüm peynir ekmek gibi satarken ve michael popularitesinin zirvesindeyken öyle bir iftiraya kurban giderki albüm satışı anında durur yapılan suçlama çok ağırdır "çocuk tacizi" michael ın en hassas olduğu konuda yapılan bu suçlama michael ı kahreder "100 yıl sürse bile bu davanın peşini bırakmayacam lan" diyerek herkese meydan okur ama avukatları "aman michael bey yapmayın bu sizin popularitenize büyük darbe vurur maliyetide çok fazla olur iflas edersiniz mazallah" diyerek onu bu düşünceden vazgeçirmiş taciz iddiasını atan aileye 15milyon dolar vererek bu davayı kapatmasını önermişlerdir. michael o aileye 15 milon dolar vererek bu davayı kapatır ama bu lekeden kurtulamaz. ailenin çocuklarını taciz eden bir adamdan 15 milyon dolar alarak çocuklarını satması ne kadar mantıklıdır bu da tartışılır. haklı olduğu ortaya çıktığı zaman yine aynı tazminatı alabilecekken davadan vazgeçmeleri çok düşündürücüdür. albüme gelirsek dangerous 35 milyonluk satışla hedeften çok uzak kalmıştır fakat michael ın yaptığı en iyi 2 albumden biridir.
dm'in nasil olur da albume konmaz denirtecek guzellikte bir b-side sarkisi.... the things you do aren't good for my health the moves you make you make for yourself the means you use aren't meant to confuse although they do they're the ones that i would choose and i wouldn't want it any other way you wouldn't let me anyway dangerous the way you leave me wanting more dangerous that's what i want you for dangerous when i am in your arms dangerous know i will come to harm the lies you tell aren't meant to deceive they're not there for me to believe i've heard your vicious words you know by now it takes a lot to see me hurt and i couldn't take it any other way but there's a price i have to pay dangerous the way you leave me wanting more dangerous that's what i want you for dangerous when i am in your arms dangerous know i will come to harm
cool sozcugunun muzikal karsiligiymis, super sarki.
1991 ciki$li* michael jackson albumu. "jam" (rené moore, bruce swedien, michael jackson, teddy riley) – 5:39 "why you wanna trip on me" (teddy riley, bernard belle) – 5:24 "in the closet" (michael jackson, teddy riley) – 6:31 "she drives me wild" (michael jackson, teddy riley. rap lyrics by aquil davidson) – 3:41 "remember the time" (teddy riley, michael jackson, bernard belle) – 4:00 "can't let her get away" (michael jackson, teddy riley) – 4:58 "heal the world" (michael jackson) – 6:24 "black or white" (michael jackson. rap lyrics by bill bottrell; features guitarist slash) – 4:15 "who is it" (michael jackson) – 6:34 "give in to me" (michael jackson, bill bottrell) – 5:29 "will you be there" (michael jackson) – 7:40 "keep the faith" (glen ballard, siedah garrett, michael jackson) – 5:57 "gone too soon" (larry grossman, buz kohan) – 3:23 "dangerous" (michael jackson, bill bottrell, teddy riley) – 6:57
insanın yerinde hop hop dans etmesine sebep olan muhteşem bir michael jackson parçasıdır. paso elleri birbirine vurarak kaykılasınız gelir.
(bkz: dangerous minds)
her dinlediğimde beni bugünden alıp çocukluğuma; albümü heyecanla alıp ilk dinlediğim güne götüren michael jackson albümü. bu albümün ne kadar güzel olduğunu ifade etmek için mükemmel, harika gibi sıklıkla kullanılan kelimeleri kullanmayı istemiyorum ve söyleyecek bir kelime bulamıyorum.
michael * albümdeki sarkilarin neredeyse tamamina klip cekmis ve "ben b tarafi * sarkilarina, kasedi doldurmak icin yapilmis sarkilara inanmam. her sarki kendi basina ayakta durabilecek güzellikte olmali" sözünü 7 grammy'li thriller ve bad albümlerinden sonra yine tutmus, günümüzdeki single olayina ve 1-2 parcalik albümlere en ince ayari vererek ne kadar büyük bir sanatci oldugunu bir kez daha ispat etmistir. para verip alindiginda paraya acinmayacak ender albümlerden biridir.
fransız şarkıcı m pokora'nın timbaland destekli şarkısı. sözleri: she's got an appetit that won't stop the way that she's dancing should be against the law she likes to show off her body act like the life for a party and make it hard for you to keep her and it's just a matter of time for it starts to play with your mind she's supersonic and her eyes are so hypnotic i used to think that she was innocent, girl. [chorus] x2: she's got the passion that girl is dangerous better be careful that girl is dangerous beautiful hard way that girl is dangerous she's dangerous, dangerous she'll do anything for a good time she'll break your back it sounds like last time she's so exotic and it's so amazing she's the perfect girl for any occasion and it's just a matter of time for she starts to play with your mind that girl is evil and her love should be illegal you'll get to close her fear all ... wanna be her [chorus] x2: she's got the passion that girl is dangerous better be careful that girl is dangerous beautiful hard way that girl is dangerous she's dangerous, dangerous
ilk izlediğimde m pokora diye birinin sırf justin timberlake ile dalga geçmek için hazırlağadı bir parodi sandım ben bu şarkının klibini ancak sonradan ciddi ciddi justin kliplerinden birer kolaj yaparak önüne bilgisayarla kendini eklediğini (hatta timbaland i de almış) anladığım. çakma bir imaj ve şarkı çıkmış ortaya.
kardinal offishall ve akon ortak yapımı bir güzel parça girl i can notice but to notice you noticin me from across the room i can see it and cant stop myself from lookin and noticin you noticin me watch out i seen her type before that girl is so dangerous that girl is so dangerous that girl is a bad girl i seen her type before she's so dangerous that girl is so dangerous that girl is a bad girl [yeah] ohhhh yeah thats her, the big dog in tryna get her lil kitty to purr ex man lookin at me like im lucifer cause he knows i will deal wit the case yes sir! if i was the last man on earth i would only take that girl end of search she give a new definition to the word curve got chicks in the strip club and bein heard bodies like [what!] gives a mass eruptions sit her glass on that fat obstruction tone game give her new type seduction im tryna give back her somethin! girl i can notice but to notice you noticin me from across the room i can see it that cant stop myself from lookin and noticin you noticin me watch out i seen her type before that girl is so dangerous that girl is so dangerous that girl is a bad girl i seen her type before she's so dangerous that girl is so dangerous that girl is so dangerous that girl is a bad girl [yeah] ohhh bad to the bone everything locked like her two three zoon i wanted to make my black snake moan talk and lick a bit then take that on she bad and she know the deal that sweater cant hide when she wanna conceal i mean makin good and havin big put together and close to the jeepy i see no no no disrespect but this gal upon another level wanna court the check [oh] tell king mac stop the press say king can i get a witness? girl i can notice but to notice you noticin me from across the room i can see it that cant stop myself from lookin and noticin you noticin me watch out i seen her type before that girl is so dangerous that girl is so dangerous that girl is a bad girl i seen her type before she's so dangerous that girl is so dangerous that girl is a bad girl [yeah] i see you got that fire by the way that you walkinn [walkin] from left to right i watched her go down girl i just want it right now dont wanna do no talkinn [talkin] shortys so right i need to slow down freak on hip good bodyship when she on the dance floor get on my rip when she do her thing man cant watch sh*t that beat soaks everything [?] on our grip bad heels like jessica p im tryna give homegirl sex and the city-tity itty bitty waistline moves with the baseline one lick of punch im fine! girl i can notice but to notice you noticin me from across the room i can see it that cant stop myself from lookin and noticin you noticin me watch out i seen her type before that girl is so dangerous that girl is so dangerous that girl is a bad girl i seen her type before she's so dangerous that girl is so dangerous that girl is a bad girl [yeah]
sahip olduğum ender orjinal albümlerden birisidir. izmir'e taa uzaklardan getirtmiştim. albümde tek sevmediğim şarkı gone too soonnun üstüne albümden daha eski bir şarkı olan george michael faith'i çekmiştim. çocukluk işte..
albüm kapağı muhteşemdir. mark ryden eseridir. albüm çıktığı vakitlerde türkiye'de yaklaşık 450.000 satmıştır (belki de bir rekordur). bugün tüm dünya satışları 32 milyonun üzerindedir. who is it, give in to me ve in the closet bana göre albümün en iyi parçalarıdır. diğerlerinin boku çıktığı için onları anmaya gerek yok. http://img359.imageshack.us/…eljacksondangerous.jpg
milatlik bir "wm-fx477" model sony walkman'in, muhtemeldir ki ilk basim kaset kopyasini "bugun"* hala cal(abil)digi efsanevi albumdur. ses zaman zaman az bi titrek ama; o da ya pil omrunden, ya milatlik kaset kalitesinden (!)*, ya da gune ozel "gonul titrekligi"ndendir.*
içinde bol miktarda gaz şarkı bulunan michael albümü. tek kelime ile harika.
tüm zamanların en iyi albümlerinden biridir. hatta müzikal açıdan michael'ın olgunluk dönemine geldiği için, yer yer thriller'dan bile iyi olduğu söylenebilir. satışları düşük denmesine rağmen, devasa bir satış rakamı olan 32 milyona ulaşmayı başarmıştır. karşılaştırma yapmak istenirse, bad albümü (ki 5 tane bir numara çıkmıştır o albümden) 30 milyon satmıştır. albümde boş şarkı yoktur demek yalan olmaz. give in to me, who is it, remember the time, in the closet, jam gibi parçaları bir arada barındıran bir albüm bir daha yapılabilir mi ona da emin değilim. belki rahmetli michael hayatta olsaydı, o başarabilirdi bunu. michael'ın en büyük talihsizliği, thriller'dan sonra yaptığı her albümün satışlarının (gayet bir haksız şekilde) thriller'ın rakamlarıyla karşılaştırılmasıdır. rahmetlinin thriller'ı takip eden tüm albümleri (bad, dangerous, history ve blood on the dance floor ve hatta invincible) çatır çatır satmış, başka grupların/şarkıcıların ağızlarının suyunu akıtacak rakamlara ulaşmış ama thriller bir lanet gibi devamlı michael'ın önüne çıkmaya devam etmiştir.
dünyanın en mükemmel 2. albümü, şaheseri, baş tacı. 1. için: (bkz: thriller)
james blunt'ın some kind of trouble albümünden bir şarkı. sözleri ise şöyle; i'll be standing in the corner just watching her slaughter them see you all go wild i've been dipping in my finger testing out the water see you on the other side she is dangerous, she is dangerous, i'm sure (woah) and she's all dressed up and knocking at my door (woah) she is dangerous, she is dangerous, i know (woah) but she's got my heart and she's never letting go i'll be hanging on your heartache enough rope for my sake and losing everytime i'll be wrapped around your finger, let the moment linger see you on the other side she is dangerous, she is dangerous, i'm sure (woah) and she's all dressed up and knocking at my door (woah) she is dangerous, she is dangerous, i know (woah) but she's got my heart and she's never letting go and we all get a taste for blood tonight coz we've all had a taste of love and we all get a taste for blood tonight for love she is dangerous, she is dangerous, i'm sure (woah) and she's all dressed up and knocking at my door (woah) she is dangerous, she is dangerous, i know (woah) but she's got my heart and she's never letting go
izlenmesi gereken canlı performansından biri tam da şurda: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5fpz7lxoyc michael, dans ediyorsa diğerleri ne yapiyor ?
1991 yılına ait olduğu düşünüldüğünde, rahmetlinin zamanının ne denli ötesinde olduğunu ispat eden şarkı. sanki bir iki yıl öncesinde yapılmış bir şarkı gibi...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bg7_ciqsesi
dangerous albümünden pek çok parçayı sevmiştim ama bu parçanın yeri hep ayrı olmuştur.. alt yapısı, orkestrasyonu ve tabii ki vokali ile rahmetlinin en iyi parçalarından biri olarak tarih sayfalarında yerini almıştır.
depeche mode'un ticari olarak büyük iş yapan albümü violator'ın ilk single'ı olan personal jesus'ın b-side'ı. çok iyi bir şarkı. zaten depeche mode'un b-side'a koyduğu parçalar çok iyi oluyor. (bkz: surrender) (bkz: my joy)
ölümünün 2. yılında özlemle andığımız michael jackson efsanesinin şahsi fikrime göre en ama en muhteşem albümüdür dangerous. sonuçta illâ ki şatış rakamları göz önünde bulundurulacaksa evet, bir thriller değildir ama barındırdığı şarkılar, bu şarkılardan bir çoğuna çekilen klipler ve konserlerdeki sahne şovları yenilir yutulur cinsten değildir. in the closet , heal the world , who is it , give in to me , will you be there , keep the faith ve gone too soon gibi şarkılar bu işle uğraşan sayısız adamın değil bir, bir sürü albümünü ihya eder. michael ise hepsini tek bir çatı altında toplamış, söylenecek söz bırakmamıştır. üstelik bunlar benim kişisel favorilerim, black or white ya da remember the time gibi hit seviyeleri tartışılmaz şarkıları hiç saymadım bile. mj kariyerinin en olgun, en doygun albümüdür, dinledikçe insan kendinden geçer, hakkı verilerek icra edilen pop müziğin nelere kadir olabileceğini dosta düşmana kapak yapar. zamanında albümün piyasaya çıkmasından önce bunun thriller'ın da başarısını ekarte edecek, tüm zamanların en iyi albümü olacağı şeklinde bir beyan vermişti ama albüm çıktıktan sonra çocuk tacizi iftiralarını başına dolayıp ayağından ne kadar çekebilirlerse o kadar çektiler. haliyle ticari olarak beklediği etkiyi gösteremedi albüm. yine de arkasında sayısız hit ve efsane şarkı, klip bıraktı. işin ticari kısmını çok bilemem ama tam da istediği gibi tüm kariyerinin en fazla önünde saygıyla eğilesi albümü olarak hiç değilse bir tane dinleyicisinin aklında ve gönlünde yer etti. bir yerlerden bizleri izliyorsa bilsin : başardın jacko *
michael jackson bu albümü yapmamış olsaydı ne yapardım bilemiyorum... bu albümün etkilemediği bir hayatı düşündüğümde çok büyük bir boşluk geliyor gözümün önüne.
'en iyi tasarlanmış albüm' kategorisinde grammy'li m.j. albümü.
iyi bir ses sistemiyle dinlenirse hayvan bir şekilde gaza getirme özelliği var. acayip bir şarkı.
