tanri'ya mektup yazarken, adres ve benzeri bilgilerden sonra, mektuba baslama repligi.
(bkz: deer god)
küçük çocuklardan birinin "tanrı olduğunu nasıl anladın?" sorusunu sorduğu proje
etkileyici, mistik insan üzerinde hoş etkiler bırakan, yorumayan artist'in kim olduğundan emin olmadığım* şarkı
1987 yilinda andy partridge tarafindan yapilmis, ilk kez xtc adli grup tarafindan soylenmis, tricky tarafindan nefis coverlanmis, her genc muslumanin basucu sarkisi. edit: grubun adinin xlc degil de xtc oldugunu hatirlatan kimi raikkonen'e tesekkurler!
tricky tarafından coverlanmış hali vulnerable (2003) adlı tricky albumunde yer alan xtc şarkısı. tanrı'ya seslenen sözleri, 1987 yılında, andy partridge tarafından yazılmıştır: costanza & tricky: dear god hope you got the message, and i pray you can make it better down here i don't mean a big reduction in the price of beer but all the people that you made in your image see them starving on their feet 'cause they don't get enough to eat from god, i can't believe in you i can't believe in you dear god sorry to disturb you, but i feel that i should be heard loud and clear we all need a big reduction in amount of tears and all the people that you made in your image see them fighting in the street 'cause they can't make opinions meet about god i can't believe in you i can't believe did you make disease i can't believe and the diamond blue? i don't believe did you make mankind after we made you? i can't believe and the devil too i don't believe i can't believe dear god don't know if you noticed, but your name is on a lot of quotes in this book and us crazy humans wrote it, you should take a look and all the people that you made in your image still believing that junk exist well i know it ain't, and so do you dear god i can't believe in i don't believe in i don't believe i won't believe in heaven and hell no saints, no sinners, no devil as well no pearly gates, no thorny crown you're always letting us humans down the wars you bring, the babes you drown those lost at sea and never found and it's the same the whole world 'round the hurt i see helps to compound that father, son and holy ghost is just somebody's unholy hoax and if you're up there you'd perceive that my heart's here upon my sleeve if there's one thing i don't believe in it's you...
(bkz: hey god)
huşu içinde pencereden havaya doğru bakarken eöö diye havaya dil çıkarma şarkısı. (bkz: tricky)
şarkı, seksenlerin en mühim gruplarından biri olan xtc'ye aittir ve grubun "skylarking" albümünde bulunur. (bkz: skylarking)
bir avenged sevenfold şarkısı. 2007 çıkışlı albümlerinin ballad olarak nitelendirilebilecek tek parçası. sözleri şu şekilde: a lonely road, crossed another cold state line miles away from those i love purpose hard to find while i recall all the words you spoke to me can't help but wish that i was there back where i'd love to be, oh yeah dear god the only thing i ask of you is to hold her when i'm not around, when i'm much too far away we all need that person who can be true to you but i left her when i found her and now i wish i'd stayed ’cause i'm lonely and i'm tired i'm missing you again oh no once again there's nothing here for me on this barren road there's no one here while the city sleeps and all the shops are closed can't help but think of the times i've had with you pictures and some memories will have to help me through, oh yeah dear god the only thing i ask of you is to hold her when i'm not around, when i'm much too far away we all need that person who can be true to you i left her when i found her and now i wish i'd stayed ’cause i'm lonely and i'm tired i'm missing you again oh no once again some search, never finding a way before long, they waste away i found you, something told me to stay i gave in, to selfish ways and how i miss someone to hold when hope begins to fade... a lonely road, crossed another cold state line miles away from those i love purpose hard to find dear god the only thing i ask of you is to hold her when i'm not around, when i'm much too far away we all need the person who can be true to you i left her when i found her and now i wish i'd stayed ’cause i'm lonely and i'm tired i'm missing you again oh no once again
http://www.dear-god.net/ ortak bir blog/forum gibi bir sey olusturarak insanlarin tanri'ya soylemek istedikleri seyleri yazabildikleri, daha evvel yazilanlari okuyabilecekleri ilginc bir web sitesi. bir nevi itiraf.com ama biraz daha genis kapsamli. sanirim daha yeni bir olusum o yuzden cok fazla "dua" yok ama umarim suyu cikmaz. yazilan dualara yapilan yorumlarla sitenin yuksek hit aldigini da tahmin ediyorum.
2 dakikaya yakin uzunlukta bir solosu bulunan avenged sevenfold sarkisi. tam bir basyapit. seize the day'in yeni albumdeki oglu. bir de orumcek riff'i vardir bu sarkinin ki parmak egzersizi icin harikadir. akustik, elektro ve steel guitar denen bir alet kullanirlar. 10 tane celik teli varmis bunun. metal bir cubuk ve pedalla calinirmis. internetin yalancisiyim.
sarah mclachlan tarafından da yorumlanmış xtc şarkısı.
(bkz: dear penis)
(bkz: çocuklardan tanrıya mektuplar)
tanrı'ya yazılan anonim bir mektup, bana göre şükretmenin en güzel yollarından biri. şöyle ki: dear god, i want to thank you for what you have already done. i am not going to wait until i see results or receive rewards, i am thanking you right now. i am not going to wait until i feel better or things look better, i am thanking you right now. i am not going to wait until people say they are sorry or until they stop talking about me, i am thanking you right now. i am not going to wait until the pain in my body disappears, i am thanking you right now. i am not going to wait until my financial situation improves, i am going to thank you right now. i am not going to wait until the children are asleep and the house is quiet, i am going to thank you right now. i am not going to wait until i get promoted at work or until i get the job, i am going to thank you right now. i am not going to wait until i understand every experience in my life that has caused me pain or grief, i am going to thank you right now. i am not going to wait until the journey gets easier or the challenges are removed, i am thanking you right now. i am thanking you because i am alive. i am thanking you because i made it through the day’s difficulties. i am thanking you because i have walked around the obstacles. i am thanking you because i have the ability and the opportunity to do more and do better. i’m thanking you because god, you haven’t given up on me. god is just so good, and god’s good all the time.
"...yo made many many poor people. i realize, of course, that it's no great shame to be poor... but it's no great honor, either. so what would have been the difference if i had... a small fortune?" diye devam eden reb tevye şekerliği.
tanrıya hitap. sayın tanrı mı, sevgili tanrım mı tartışılır tabi. dear god, stop dogging me around. just stop. ok?
yanlış bir hitap şekli. doğrusu "dear sir or madam" olmalıydı.
the roots'un harika şarkısı. dear god, i'm trying hard to reach you dear god, i see your face in all i do sometimes, it's so hard to believe it... but god, i know you have your reasons (uh huh) [verse 1] they said he's busy hold the line please call me crazy, i thought maybe he could mind read who does the blind lead? show me a sign please if everything is made in china, are we chinese? and why do haters separate us like we siamese? technology turning the planet into zombies everybody all in everybody's dirty laundry acid rain, earthquakes, hurricane, tsunamis terrorist, crime sprees, assaults, and robberies cops yellin' stop, freeze shoot him before he try to leave air quality so foul, i gotta try to breath endangered species and we runnin' out of trees if i could hold the world in the palm of these hands, i would probably do away with these anomalies everybody checkin' for the new award nominee wars and atrocities look at all the poverty ignoring the prophecies more beef than broccoli corporate monopoly weak world economy stock market topplin' mad marijuana oxycotton and klonopin everybody out of it? [hook] well i've been thinkin' about and i've been breakin' it down without an answer i know i'm thinking out loud but if you're lost and around why do we suffer? why do we suffer? (uh huh) [verse 2] yeah... it's still me, one of your biggest fans i get off work right back to work again i probably need to go ahead and have my head exam look at how they got me on the def jam payment plan well, i'm in the world of entertainment and trying to keep a singing man sane for the paying fans if i don't make it through the night, slight change of plans harp strings, angel wings, and praying hands lord, forgive me for my shortcomings for going on tour and ignoring the court summons all i'm trying to do is live life to the fullest they sent my daddy to you in a barrage of bullets why is the world ugly when you made it in your image? and why is livin' life such a fight to the finish? for this high percentage when the sky's the limit a second is a minute, every hour's infinite [outro] dear god, i'm trying hard to reach you dear god, i see your face in all i do sometimes, it's so hard to believe it..
a7x şarkısı. solosu mükemmeldir. klipte kesilmesi sebebiyle hayal kırıklığına uğratmıştır.
gideri olan bir a7x şarkısı.
