1997 yapımı tim rothun ve chris pennin oynadığı filmin ismidir.film türkçeyede yalancı olarak çevrilmişti.tim roth bu filmde cinayetten dolayı yalan makinesine bağlanan absynth içicisi,alkol bağımlısı ve yalan söyleme takıntılı birini canlandırdığı akıllara zarar bir performans sergilediği gayet güzel bi film...
judas priestin sad wings of destiny adli albumunde yer alir. solar winds are blowing neutron star controlling all is lost, doomed and tossed, at what cost forever meteors fly around me comets die, and then they and then they, you wanna see how they try to surround me i can say, here today, we shall stay forever if you want to find us in a hurry oh let me tell you don't you worry i can't say, here today, we shall stay forever
portekizli death metal grubu.aynı isimle 1992 de yayınladıkları demo.
orphanage - by time alone'dan bir şarkı. your spirit turns black as sympathy of life declines only selfish ways reign in your sickened mind your tears have dried and floods of deceit are unleashed upon all humanity heed me from you, deceiver, make believer you shattered my dreams in two all trust lost in dust i weep and in agony i bleed your honesty repressed by hypocrisy mental thief, turning my life into disease no paradise, in hell you'll see internally i'm screaming my fear of dying's dying as compassion decays tell right from wrong words nothing more than vicious lies, betrayal too late, i'm pissed off with violent rage we call him traitor ... bastard ! hate and fear united won't turn into tranquillity no sympathy for god or christ reality ? it's all fantasy life's washing away forever caressing the bitterness i'm roaming forever through my anger
(bkz: dreamer deceiver)
rage'in "reign of fear" albümünde yer alan harika parça: deceiver no! you interfere with my free will i won't give my mind for you to fill all those words are lies, don't need no deceiver hate is what you sow between all men kill - you made them acquiesce to death you earn well when other men die deceiver fool, stay blind, get in line count me out, i've no doubts a man in herd, with a lack of conscience this won't be my way, can't see where's the sense darkness spreading thicker day by day they're afraid of having lost their way this is nutritive power for a deceiver
ing. kandiran, aldatan
warhammer 40k evreninde necron irkinin taptigi dort yildiz tanrisindan biri, bilinen ismiyle bir c'tan. milyonlarca yil suren uykudan uyanan iki c'tandan biridir... digeri icin deathbringer. dort c'tan arasinda en gucsuz olanidir, ama karisiklik yaratmadaki ustaligi nedeniyle belki de en tehlikelisidir.
the black dahlia göndermeleriyle dolu bir film. gayet karanlık bir odada, gölgelenen yüzler ve süper diyaloglarl ortaya çıkmış. kanun dediğimiz kime göre neye göre tadı alıyorsunuz. bir de sad wings of destinynin en damar şarkısıdır ki reca ederim bu bahsi kapatalim
stream of passion'in 2005 cikisli ilk albumu embrace the storm'un ucuncu parcasi.. for long i have been hiding and all the pain i hold within sends shivers down my spine for long i have been waiting for a reason to arise was it all a waste of time? i am not who you think i am, soon i’ll be letting you down i am not who you think i am i’m everywhere you think i have been lying, there are secrets that lie frozen in my silent stare if you go through my fears you will see i’ve lost control all the faith i had is gone step back, watch me closely as my crimson wings unfold you’ll see me as i am i know, it won’t be easy but in the end you’ll understand my instinctive need to fly
the loveless'in star rover albumunden bir sarki. tuck me into sleep - wrap me with your lies ease my fallen heart - deceive me once again bring back that solace that i crave cut my bleeding heart - rip me all apart i will be your slave - now and forever thrust that dagger to the bone talk me into sleep - wrap me in your fears crush my fallen heart - deceive me once again bring back the dark that scorched these eyes let me see the nightfall one more time - for all its worth let me see the stars one more time - an endless search i know let me see that gleam in your eyes - the one that burns so cold can`t you feel my loss of control - again let me touch that unforgettable love - to breathe anew show me all your deceiving love - this ember in your soul let me see what hides behind those eyes - for one last moment tuck me in your sheltering arms - again
sad wings of destiny albümünde dreamer deceiver'dan sonra gelen şarkıdır. birlikte dinlenilmesi gerekendir. dreamer deceiver'ın sonundaki melodi deceiver'ın başlangıç melodisidir. bütün olarak benzer melodiye sahip olan şarkılardır.
süper ötesi disturbed şarkısı. indestructible albümü içinde yer alır. sözleri de aynen şöyledir. you've been caught in a lie!! you can't deny it! so let the war begin you're far from innocent hell i just don't know where it will end you are the one to blame you made a habit of f**king up my life. (ow!) another fallacy is laid in front of me now i just don't know what to believe another animal sent to devour what- ever's left inside i know now! it's all been a lie and i'll never come to know why i learn to discover you're leading me now it's all been a lie i don't ever want to know why you've mastered the art of deceiving me now. a mortal enemy has been revealed in me how come i wasn't able to see another vampire getting their fix from sucking up my life (ow!) an evil entity had taken hold of me ripped out my heart and started to feed i still remember when i thought that all you were eating was my blood i know now! it's all been a lie and i'll never come to know why i learn to discover you're leading me now it's all been a lie i don't ever want to know why you've mastered the art of deceiving me now. this idiot wont let me go (something)penetrate the mind i tell you now my little puppet you've suffer me you didn't want me to go to live and over come your life and ensure you survive little puppet don't die let me, let me die little puppet don't die let me, let me die little toy don't die i know now! it's all been a lie and i'll never come to know why i learn to discover you're leading me now it's all been a lie i don't ever want to know why you've mastered the art of deceiving me now. i know now! it's all been a lie and i'll never come to know why i learn to discover you're leading me now it's all been a lie i don't ever want to know why you've mastered the art of deceiving me now.
(bkz: the deceiver)
nakaratı çok güzel olan star rover albümünün en iyi praçası. nakarat: let me see the nightfall one more time - for all its worth let me see the stars one more time - an endless search i know let me see that gleam in your eyes - the one that burns so cold let me touch that unforgettable love - to breathe anew show me all your deceiving love - this ember in your soul let me see what hides behind those eyes - for one last moment parça: http://www.youtube.com/…atch?v=atqpu4q-uqs#t=03m39s
rob halford'un sesini mükemmel kulladığı aşmış bir judas priest parçasıdır.
