tum yılbaşı filmlerinde sokaktaki korolar tarafından ''fa la la la'' seklinde soylenip,noelden nefret eden kahramanımızın en sinirlendigi şarkıdır. sozleri su sekilde akıp gider: deck the halls with boughs of holly fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la 'tis the season to be jolly fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la don we now our gay apparel fa-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la. troll the ancient yule-tide carol fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la. see the blazing yule before us. fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la strike the harp and join the chorus. fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la follow me in merry measure. fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la while i tell of yule-tide treasure. fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la fast away the old year passes. fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la hail the new year, lads and lasses fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la sing we joyous, all together. fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la heedless of the wind and weather. fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la
bir zebrahead bağımsız şarkısı. sözleri ise ilişikteki gibidir: [intro] christmas comes just once a year (i got a baby doll) with all its yuletide joy and cheer (i got a football) but theres one thing i'd like to say is that i hate christmas day (i got a rock!) its time for everybody to have a christmas party. everyone but me i'll step outside boycott your office party. no secret santa for me. mistletoe makes me sneeze anyway. cos i don't wanna go, where happy days are snow i'd rather stay where frosty melts in the sun. july 4 parade. a lynchburg lemonade. an alcohol-a-day by the pool in the sun (now everybody sing). [chorus] deck the halls with bells of holly 'tis the season to be jolly but, i hate christmas i'm glad it only comes one time a year its time for everybody to head out christmas shopping. everyone but me i'll stay inside. no presents under your tree that have a nametag for me. and it makes my gifts so easy to hide i don't wanna go where shopping lines are slow. i rather stay at home with the frosty cold one. a bud on ice in may, a lazy summer day. an alcohol-a-day by the pool in the sun (now everybody sing) . [chorus] deck the halls with bells of holly 'tis the season to be jolly but, i hate christmas i'm glad it only comes one time a year [rap] it was the night before christmas and all through the house, all the creatures was chillin like flint drinkin stout. i woke from my sleep, heard 'here comes the boom'. i knew that santa would be comin' soon. on dascher on donner, commit, on blitzen. i yelled 'shut up ya'll,' but they wouldn't listen. and then he came down with his belly of jello. he says, 'where the ladies at cuz i'm a real jolly fellow.' then he gave me a wink and was quick out of sight. merry christmas to all, and to all a super deeky duper fly night. [chorus] (now everyone - sing) deck the halls with bells of holly 'tis the season to be jolly but, i hate christmas i'm glad it only comes one time a year (one more time, like you mean it) [chorus] deck the halls with bells of holly 'tis the season to be jolly but, i hate christmas i'm glad it only comes one time a year cos i hate christmas i'm glad it only comes one time a year cos i hate christmas i'm glad it only comes one time a year
çocuklar ve aileleri için noel filmi. başrollerinde danny devito, matthew broderick var.
"oha yok artık" dedirtebilecek, fakat hiç de abartılı olmayan bir durumun filmi. şükran günü tatilini, evi erkenden köşe bucak, dam bahçe, noel süsüyle, ışık seliyle donatma vesilesi olarak gören bir garip insanların hazin ve gerçekçi hikayesi.
twisted sister' ın a twisted christmas albümünde de hoş bir şekilde yorumlanmış noel şarkısı.
victoria's secret melekleri'nin de söylediği şarkı : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyfvxq38dac
