(bkz: necronomicon)
ozzy abinin sarkisi, ve de sozleri.. screaming at the window watch me die another day hopeless situation endless price i have to pay sanity now it's beyond me there's no choice diary of a madman walk the line again today entries of confusion dear diary i'm here to stay manic depression befriends me hear his voice sanity now it's beyond me there's no choice a sickened mind and spirit the mirror tells me lies could i mistake myself for someone who lives behind my eyes will he escape my soul or will he live in me is he tryin' to get out or tryin' to enter me voices in the darkness scream away my mental health can i ask a question to help me save me from myself enemies fill up the pages are they me monday till sunday in stages set me free
madmanin gunlugu. icinde ultima online de karakterlerinin statlari, tasarimini yapip ucurdugu sitelerin adresleri vb bulunmaktadir.
başına "the" eklenince gogol'ün "bir delinin güncesi" adlı yapıtının ingilizce adı olur. (bkz: bir delinin hatıra defteri)
vincent pricein oyuncu olarak katildigi bir film calismasi
gravediggaz'ın 6 feet deep adlı albümünden bir horrorcore kitabesi. girişindeki dava sahnesi ile birçok rapçiye ilham kaynağı olan, müthiş etkili sözleriyle insanı psikopata bağlayan bir parça. graved'z mc'leri müthiş bir performans sergileyerek psikopat birer katile dönüşmüşlerdir bu parçada. özellikle rza kafadan koparmıştır. intro: lady [they killed my baby..oh god they killed my baby] judge [order in the court] lady [i will make you pay for this you murderers] judge [i said order in the court now! now, before this court passes judgement, will the four defendents please rise and approuch the bench] gravedigga [trust me guys, its all under control the judge is my uncle, hell take the insanity plea...oh yeah, dont foget my retained balance.] judge [okay, i understand you guys are pleading insanity claiming demonic spirits possessed you to do these hidous murders. can you please explain to the court how these so called spirits made you into these raving madmen? !? !] verse one: scientific shabazz be a witness, as i excersize my exorcism the evil that lurks within the sin, the terrorism possessed by evil spirits, voices from the dead i come forth with gravediggaz in a head full of dread ive been examined ever since i was seamen they took a sonogram and seen the image of a demon at birth the nurses surrounded my with needles and drugged me all up with the deseases of evil grew up in hell, now i dwell, in an islamic temple im fighting a holy war in the mental look deep into my eyes, youll see visions of death possessed by homicide is what im obsessed giving niggaz brain dimples dragging they asses on my hook by they temples the cause of death is unknown to the cops cause when i kill them, im not leavin one element to autopse first ill assasinate em and them ill cremate them and take all of his fucking ashes and evaporate em or creep through the graveyard and hunt down your tombstone dig up your skeleton and stomp all your fucking bones you try to haunt me nigga, i aint trying to hear it buck buck buck, ill give your ass a holy spririt. gravedigga [stressed full, try to avoid all impure thoughts. i am loosing my mind . . .] judge [can you please explain to the court when these problems first began? ] verse two: prince rakeem/ryzarector the year 84, november, day 10 overwhelmed by the wicked inspirations of an evil gen i realize my ideas has spawned for 400 years of blood sweat and tears i saw the tourture brutal murder of my father so my brain became stained with the horror im having reoccuring nightmares of being soaking wet, strapped down to the electric chair i got tackled with handcuffs and shackled in restraint at the bottom of a holy tabernacle they gave me nothing to eat for two weeks and sewed my eye lids open so i couldnt sleep about to die from thirst, thats when the minister quinched my jaws with a cold glass of vinegar upon my wounds they seasoned my with salt and nailed my hands feet to the form of the cross ahh!! i cry as the blood drips inside of my eye refusing to die visions of hell tormented my face so i chewed my fucking arm off and made an escape. guy [ oh no, me mataron mi amigo, hijo de la gran puta esos cogines me mataron mi amigo que voy a cerca carajo, cono] judge [ calm down people, please calm down let us please procede with the defendents explanation ] verse three: killer priest enta the realms of understanding and take good heed and you could bleed while im standing three stages of pure hell justications of red cells *shh* rain drops hits the pelv path is dull and narrow youre stalked by a shadow i pierced your skull with a fucking arrow so narrow, only one could enter at a time stuck in the center, read the signs a thousand doors to choose you better hurry dont stop, shit is getting hot as a pot of curry on your right side theres fire on you left, deep waters watch your step, its deep waters! whats that coming through the floor? its a claw *pssh* took his fucking ass to the fucking core (ahhh!!) verse four: fruitkwan/gatekeeper stroll thruogh the dark conditions i stone you till i see sparks of friction i chop ya like a coal miner then combine the drug and mix it with your blood some more i give you some more and watch you crawl guts hit the floor worms that dig your pores i trick ya, ha, then im quick to syringe deep into my thoughts and bust out your skin you scream, portraits of inflictable pain you cant stand youre up to your hands in quick sand youre sinking and sinking deep into the earth thoughts was possessed since the first day of birth my mental says its my turn to possess the matta stab you with a dagga of jacobs ladder thoughts become shattered, confused, and tragic fiery thoughts of gravediggaz . . . judge [ guilty, next case. ]
(bkz: ozzy osbourne/#21422508)
blizzard of ozz kadar hit çıkaramasa da en az onun kadar taş bir albümdür. cd bookletinde gerçekten de diary of a madman'mişçesine değişik sembollerle yazılar bulunur. ilk albüme göre biraz daha karanlık bir hava hakimdir, özellikle diary of a madman ve believer parçalarında. s.a.t.o.'nun da riffleri pek bir tatlıdır. sırf içinde randy rhoads barındırdığından ötürü bile sevgiyle saygıyla dinlenesidir.
(bkz: diarrhea of a madman)
bu sabah birden bire yillardir dinleyip durdugum amma velakin hic "dinlemedigimi" farkettigim muzikal solen. way be.
diary of a madman turu full konseri soyle birseymis o zamanlar. sene 1982 ve randy rhoads daha yeni vefat etmis yerinde de brad gillis var. http://www.youtube.com/…bulnwh9nq_a&feature=related tam line up su sekilde ozzy osbourne (vocals), brad gillis (guitar), rudi sarzo (bass), don airey (keyboards) and tommy aldridge (drums).
