cranberries'in everybody's doing it so why can't we adlı albümünden (bu albümün ismi de süperdir kanımca) ismi esasen dreams olan ama madem ki dream başlığı altında incelenmiş bozmayayım, sevgili set'in entrysi altına tamlama olarak gireyim, yazayım dediğim şarkısıdır. (şarkı dedim parça demedim, rahat mıyız?) su hayatta neler oluyor temalı, "i know i've felt like this before but now i'm feeling it even more. because it came from you" sözleri ile "daha önce de böyle hissettim ama daha önce aslında böyle hissetmedim" gibi paradoksal ama esasen kendi içinde* gayet mantıklı kabul edilmesi gereken bir söylemi de olan, zeitgeist'i had safhada veren parça* dreams. "and now i tell you openly, you have my heart so don't hurt me" kısmı ile kabuğunu çok fena çatlatmış dolores (paskalya yumurtası gibi bir kabuk çatlatma, kırma trendi başladı, nisan da geçti hayrola dedirten durumdur.) bu açık sözlülüğün sebebi nedir, bilmez misin bunu duyan kaçar, kovalamak sana düşer diye seslenmek istiyorum kendisine, heyhat, ama dolores o riordan loud and clear ve belki bir de desperate andy dışında hiç bir sansarlık örneği göstermiş insan değildir nazarımda, kendisi de böyle loud and clear, fikri ile zikri* tutan bir insan olagelmiştir*. oh my life is changing everyday in every possible way and oh my dreams it's never quiet as it seems never quiet as it seems i know i've felt like this before but now i'm feeling it even more because it came from you and then i open up and see the person falling here is me a different way to be la i want more (impossible to ignore) i want more (impossible to ignore) and they'll come true (impossible not to do) and they'll come true (impossible not to do) and now i tell you openly you have my heart so don't hurt me you're what i couldn't find a totally amazing mind* so understanding and so kind you're everything to me (bu şarkıyı da tam 3 ay evvel 17.06.2001 tarihinde -ve inanılmaz bir şekilde 17.17 saat ve dakikasında- aktarmışım amma yanlış başlıkta aktarmışım, update ederken yenibasımının yapılması şart olmuş olan entry oldu, vesile ile confirmation oldu*)
vokali her ne kadar klasik olsa da muzigi ali$tigimiz black metal ayarinda olmayan bir enslavement of beauty parcasi.
ing. "ruyalar"
bir goran bregovic parcası. arizona dream'in soundtrackinde bulunabilir.
the cranberriesin ilk albümü olan everybody else is doing so why cant we den bir parca olup hayatimda dinledigim anda yola cıkma istegi duyuran nadir eserlerdendir .bi film muzigi bu bi film muzigi diye kicimi yirtarken zaten youve got mail da kullandilar film muzigi olarak yillar sora
king diamond'ın the spiders lullabye albümünün 4. parçası. the witching hour has arrived here too soon i know that all my dreams are inside this room oh yeah, it's all in this tune dreams in the night, they're falling like rain dreams in the night, they drive me insane they cannot wait until i turn off the light when i'm asleep they've got the key to my mind oh yeah, can't leave them behind dreams in the night, there're falling like rain dreams in the night, they drive me insane dreams in the night. yeah, yeah, yeah, give me another dream now the spider's lullaby is all they can sing as they inject thier poison into my brain oh yeah, they're calling my name dreams in the night, they're falling like rain dreams in the night, they drive me insane give me another dream now yeah, yeah, yeah, give me another dream now rainbows and waterfalls little girls are swimming in a pond of gold i'm growing old i'm growing old sweet blue eyes of innocence begging me... to follow them to the other side ah, they're growing horns dreams in the night, they're falling like rain dreams in the night, they drive me insane dreams in the night let me out of these dreams... dreams... dreams... let me out of these dreams... dreams... dreams... let me out of these dreams... dreams... dreams...
ayrıca çok süper gaz muhteşem bir van halen şarkısıdır.
fleetwood mac'in pek mühim, pek leziz bir şarkısı. 1977'den. evet, rumours'tan. stevie nicks'in o depresif, o muhteşem sesinde hayat bulur.
grace slick'in manhole'dan sonra çıkardığı 2. solo albümü. mükemmele yakındır, özellikle el diablo'yu bünyesinde barındırması açısından ayrı bir anlam ifade eder.
80 çıkışlı grace slick albümü ve aynı albümün favori şarkısı. grace slick'in solo çalışmalarında ulaştığı en iyi noktadır bu albüm. 1.dreams 2.el diablo 3.face to the wind 4.angel of the night 5.seasons 6.do it the hand way 7.full moon man 8.let it go 9.garden of man dreams 5.04 --------- oh i, i believe in magic and i believe in dreams until i heard the thunder rumble i saw the mountains crumble - then came the circus so i followed it’s parade with all the fancy lion tamers, high-wire fiery flamers ravers of every kind i saw those high-stepping sexy witches sons of satin, sons of bitches - all were there in my dreams all in my dreams sodom and gomorrah i see you’re back in town. and though you build a wall around you the multitude still found you just like a circus to start with a parade oh but a parade of the fancy lion tamers, high-wire fiery flamers ravers of every kind i saw those high-stepping sexy witches sons of satin, sons of bitches - all were there in my dreams all in my dreams now i can see the whole world is just a circus and i can tell that the circus why it’s just hell and then i heard a drummer rolling i found my seat’s been stolen then a spotlight hit me going wild in center ring for all you fancy lion tamers, high-wire fiery flamers ravers of every kind i saw those high-stepping sexy witches sons of satin, sons of bitches - all were there in my dreams all in my dreams my dreams my dreams well i, i believe in magic and i believe in dreams i said i, i believe in magic and i, i believe in dreams i believe in dreams i said i, i believe in magic, i believe in dreams i believe in dreams, magic, magical dreams i wanted to sing that i believe in dreams magical dreams, oh i believe in dreams i said i, i believe in magic, i still believe in dreams
ayrıca harika bir van halen şarkısı. dreams ---------------------------- world turns black and white pictures in an empty room your love starts fallin down better change your tune reach for the golden ring reach for the sky baby just spread your wings chorus: we'll get higher and higher straight up we'll climb we'll get higher and higher leave it all behind run, run, run, away like a train runnin off the track the truth gets left behind and falls between the cracks standing on broken dreams but never losing sight spread your wings chorus so baby dry your eyes, save all the tears you've cried ohh that's what dreams are made of oh baby we belong in a world that must be strong ohh that's what dreams are made of solo chorus higher and higher who knows what we'll find and in the end on dreams we will depend cause thats what love is made of
eloy'un ra albumunun 3. $arkisi. close your eyes, you'll feel paralyzed colour shapes and shades all mingle suddenly all seems so bizarre faintly still you hear your heartbeat is it just an illusion? or a mainline infusion? welcome dreamer! take shelter in this world of surreality gain wisdom from the astral world look inside the eye of the mind and find deliverance free from anxiety now everything's clear in your mind you found your sanctuary now leaving all sorrows behind in your dreams you'll be closer to yourself find a direction to your life dreams of good and dreams of bad all experience you've had is it just an illusion? or a mainline infusion? dreams recalled seem so true and real waking up your lit with feelings emanating this new found might days that once were grey are shining dormant emotions awake tasting sweet to your mind you see your goal way ahead shining like a beacon in the dark forever is here and now it's not a trick of the light you hear a silence within peace and love reunite in everlasting burning light you feel your aura expanding bathing in virginal joy just like a flower in bloom still in embryonic state crave for an identity free from anxiety now everything's clear in your mind you found your sanctuary now leaving all sorrows behind in your dreams you'll be closer to yourself find a direction to your life don't dispair when you feel you're in the shade wait and your dreams will lend a hand
dawson's creek baslamadan once, cnbc e'de saatin kac oldugunu gosteren, kia otombilli reklamin fon muzigi. bir cranberries ve dawson's creek mudavimi olan benim gibi insanlara hos bir surpriz oldugu kanaatindeyim.
editten sonra gelen duzeltme?!: bir the corrs parcasi degilmis ayni zamanda, fleetwood mac cover'ı imi$. now here you go again, you say you want your freedom well who am i to keep you down it's only right that you should play the way you feel it but listen carefully to the sound of your loneliness like a heartbeat drives you mad in the stillness of remembering what you had and what you lost yeah, thunder only happens when it's raining players only love you when they're playing yeah, women they will come and they will go when the rain washes you clean you'll know, you'll know... now here i go again, i see the crystal visions i keep my visions to myself well it's only me that wants to wrap around your dreams and have you any dreams you'd like to sell dreams of loneliness like a heartbeat drives you mad in the stillness of remembering what you had (drives you mad,) and what you lost, (remember what you had) thunder only happens when it's raining (thunder only happens when it's...) players only love you when they're playing (players only love you when they're...) yeah, women they will come and they will go, (they will go...) when the rain washes you clean you'll know... yeah, thunder only happens when it's raining (thunder only happens when it's...) players only love you when they're playing (players only love you when they're...) yeah, women they will come and they will go, (they will go...) when the rain washes you clean you'll know... you'll know, (the heartbeat drives you mad,) you'll know, (remember what you had) you'll know...
(bkz: what dreams may come) (bkz: robin williams) (bkz: sweet dreams) (bkz: eurythmics)
(bkz: ruyalar)
sabancı üniversitesinden bir öğrencinin mogwai'nin müziğinden ilham alarak yaptığı flash animasyonu. tam adı "dreams: (of no particular order)" oluyor. (ps: link yitmiş gitmiş, ne oldu bir bilen varsa mesaj atsın)
daniele liverani projesi, üc bölümden olusmasi planlanan genius a rock opera'nin ilk bölümü a human into dreams world'de all of your acts'den sonra devam eden harika parça... st: story teller - philip bynoe g: genius - mark boals tsc: twin spirit choir st:"genius, sitting in his armchair, was looking at his travel mate who was starting to work. he was a real twin spirit! that was the difference between them. genius in fact was staring at those controls with the utmost ignorance about how to deal with them." tsc: here we are here we are ready to go g: here i am standing on my desk what a strange view i can see i know that i'm not allowed here but i am so amazed i'll know all about dreams! i'm the only human that will see what's there behind all their great fantasies dreams! i'm the only one that will know how they are being released tsc: here we are here we are ready to go g: so excited staring at these stuffs i can't really understand i see my friend worried about my presence but i am so amazed i'll know all about dreams! i'm the only human that will see what's there behind all their great fantasies dreams! i'm the only one that will know how they are being released i'm so happy and bright 'cause i'm going to fly fly away through all those minds i'll be the master of all their dreams! now i will have no more doubts about the making of all their great fantasies dreams! i just hope that no one will stop this great amazing trip devami için (bkz: my pride)
-fonda tekrar tekrar başa alan piyano tuş vuruşlarıyla dreams- ve bir eski günde kalmış aklım.! elim başına doğru uzanmış, baş parmağım görev dışı, o niye orada olduğundan habersiz... işaret-orta ve yüzük parmaklarım şakaklarından bir tutam saçı diğerlerinin arasına yollamakla parmak uçlarımda tutmak arasında bir yerlerde... burnumda şakaklarının sadece sana ait kokusu... yüzün avuçlarıma meyletmiş gibi ama kıpırdamıyor... hiçbir şey kıpırdamıyor aslında... buğulu bir pencerenin ardından eski bir zamanda kalmış bu an geçiyor aklımdan. kıpırtısız.! sesler benim değil; sesler-notalar birbiri üstüne düşen sonbahar yaprakları; en son yaprakla siyah olacak her şey -tüm renkler düştüğünden üstüste-. en son notada sessizlik çökecek... bir rastlantıya bağlanacak her şey; ben bir üşüme hissedip duraksayınca geçip gittiğin, çarpışmaktan bir ürpertinin kurtardığı bir nota kaymasına... bir kocaman yağmur damlasıyla susuyor, bitiyor rüya*: son nota, son yaprak, son renk... bir eski günde yüreğin takılıp kaldığı anı bestelemişler.!
(bkz: dreams to reality)
ahu gibi bir fleetwood mac $arkisi... yani corrs morrs falan filan degil... o çocuklar sadece cover'lami$lardi sanirim..
cranberries'in eski bir şarkısı. simdiye kadar kac filmin soundtrack'inde yer aldagini sayamadigim bir parça.
bir de wishbone ash şarkısı vardır böyle.
cranberries'in en en güzel şarkılarından biri. mesajınız var filminin soundtrackinde de yer almıştır. loopa alınmalı. ..and now i tell you openly you have my heart so don't hurt me you're what i couldn't find...
cem köksal set me free albümünden. today i felt i’m living with my fears weariness is turning to my tears yesterday has gone i cannot carry more what if i begin to disappear sometimes i feel i was in a cage sometimes i feel i could turn that page i was never on this way life changed it someway but i have to make my dreams come true what if i can not my life will be gone with defection away dreams! we have to build more dreams! for what we’ve been born dreams! we can not let them go dreams! don’t let them been torn what if i can not my life will be gone with defection away dreams! we have to build more dreams! for what we’ve been born dreams! we can not let them go dreams! don’t let them been torn
you've got mail adli filmin soundtrack'inde bulunan muthis cranberries sarkisi. filmde kullanildigi sahne ise muhtesemdir.
çok ama çok hüzünlü bir goran bregovic eseri,ilahi gibi bişi bu.zaten genellikle televizyon programlarında,haber bültenlerinde falan dramatik bir olayın anlatımında fon müziği olarak kullanılır.
king diamond un the spiders lullaby albumundeki mukemmel bir sarki.king diamond bu sarkida simdiye kadar yapmadigi ses oyunlari yapmistir.
1993 yazında, ingiltere listelerini bir elvis cover'ıyla ele geçiren ub40'den zirveyi devralan ve 26 haziran - 24 temmuz tarihleri arasını 1 numarada, 15 haftasını da chartlarda geçiren gabrielle hiti. avustralya'da 4. numaraya kadar yükseldi, amerika'da ise fazla başarı gösterememiş olmasına karşın, yılın en iyi single'ları listesinde ingiltere'de 5., avustralya'da 22. sırada yer aldı. tam 7 sene sonra rise single'i ile ingiltere zirvesini tekrar ele geçirecek gabrielle'i zirvesinden indiren ise, 90'lı yıllarının başında bitiveren new kids on the block rüzgarının yeniden hortlatılmış başka bir versiyonu take that'in ilk single'i pray. they can come true, yeah they can come true move a step closer you know that i want you i can tell by your eyes that you want me too just a question of time i knew we'd be together and that you'd be mine i want you here forever do you hear what i'm saying gotta say how i feel i can't believe you're here but i know that you're real i know what i want and baby it's you i can't deny my feelings because they are true yeah dreams can come true look at me babe i'm with you you know you gotta have hope you know you've got to be strong dreams can come true look at me babe i'm with you you know you gotta have hope you know you've got to be strong i've seen you sometimes on your own and in crowds i knew i had to have you my hopes didn't let me down now you're by my side and i feel so good i've nothing to hide don't feel that i ever could do you hear what i'm saying gotta say how i feel i can't believe you're here but i know that you're real i know what i want and baby it's you can't deny my feelings because they are true yeah dreams can come true look at me babe i'm with you you know you gotta have hope you know you've got to be strong dreams can come true look at me babe i'm with you you know you gotta have hope you know you've got to be strong i'm not making plans for tomorrow let's live for tonight i know i want you baby so hold me so tight put your arms around me you make me feel so safe then you whisper in my ear that you're here to stay dreams can come true look at me babe i'm with you you know you gotta have hope you know you've got to be strong dreams can come true look at me babe i'm with you you know you gotta have hope you know you've got to be strong dreams can come true look at me babe i'm with you you know you gotta have hope you know you've got to be strong dreams can come true look at me babe i'm with you you know you gotta have hope you know you've got to be strong dreams can come true look at me babe i'm with you you know you gotta have hope you know you've got to be strong dreams can come true
the game'in the documentary albümündeki en sağlam şarkısı bana göre. [verse 1] i woke up out dat coma, 200 and 1 bout the same time dre dropped 200 and 1 three years the album is done aftermath presents: nigga witta attitude volume 1 rap critics politicin wanna know the outcome! ready to die,reasonable doubt and doggystyle in one i feel like pac,after the snoop dogg trial was done dre behind the g-series and all eyez on me i watched the death of a dynasty! so i told vibe magazine workin' with dr.dre was a "dream!" i had visions of makin a classic then my wall turned black,like i was starin outa stevie wonders glasses its kinda hard to imagine,like kanye west comin back from a fatal accident, to beat makin and rappin but,we da future whitney houston told me that ,it's gon take mo' than a bullet in a heart to hold me back [hook:] blushin in this 40 ounce lettin the ink from my pen bleed cuz marthin luther king had a "dream!" aaliyah had a "dream!" left eye had a "dream!" so i reached out to kanye and "brough you all my dreeam!" "its cuz i love you!" [verse 2] i had dreams of fuckin an r'n'b bitch like mya when i saw dat ass on a front of that king read the article in a magazine she loved gangsters,loved nasty things so im the glass house havin' nasty dreams! good girls neva' give it up but anything gets possible ,if 50 fucked vivica heard of lifes obstacles,found my way through the maze then joy turned to pain like,frankie beverly and maze used to dream about bein' unsigned hype till i was crushed my dave mase,almost let my pen fall asleep on a page daydreamin yesterday those on offback stage i tought i saw eazy talkin to jam master jay so i walked over heard jam master say its a hardknock life,then you pass away they say sleep is the cousin' of death so my eyes wide open cuz a dream is kin to ya last breath [hook:] blushin in this 40 ounce lettin the ink from my pen bleed cuz marthin luther king had a "dream!" aalyah had a "dream!" left eye had a "dream!" so i reached out to kanye and "brought you all my dream!" "its cuz i love you!" [verse 3] the dream of huey newton, thats what im livin' through the dream of eric wright, thats what im givin you! who walk through the whithouse without a business suit? compton had jerry curl drippin' on ronald reagens shoes gave mike lim my demo came here to pay my dues started of with whoo kid then i started blazin clue it was all a dream like big sait it be dont sleep on me homie i bring nightmarers to reality rap phenomenon defyin' the rulez of gravity studied all the classic start revisin my strategy cuz marshall mathers made it curtis jackson made it head in the clouds wonderin where the hell marvin gaye went? how do i say this,im livin for my son but i can't figure,why im at my temple with this gun wake up to a jesus piece like a cathlic nun the war to be a rap legend had just begun' [hook:] blushin in this 40 ounce lettin the ink from my pen bleed cuz marthin luther king had a "dream!" aalyah had a "dream!" left eye had a "dream!" so i reached out to kanye and "brought you all my dream!" "its cuz i love you!" [game talkin:] this song is dedicated to yutandey price the sister of venus and serena williams who was slain during a gang shoutout in compton, sunday september 14th 2003, rest in peace!
(bkz: in dreams)
yillarca hic duymadiktan sonra dun aksam magnolia'da bir anda karsima cikip hayvan gibi cocukluk anisiyla birlikte gelen, all that she wants'larin, because the night'larin arasinda hakkettigi yeri geri alan, nostaljik gabrielle sarkisi. (bkz: so 90's)
"thunder only happens when it's raining, players only love you when they're playing" der fleetwood mac stevie nicks'in buğulu sesiyle dile gelip. fırtına burada yalnızlığın sesidir ve sessiz bir gözyaşı yağmuruyla gümbürder durur yürekte. "say, women they will come and they will go when the rain washes you clean, you'll know, you will know..." herşey gelip geçer, sen kalırsın. ve bilirsin; hayaller sen olduğun sürece oradadır. ... i keep my visions to myself, have you any dreams you'd like to sell?... bir söylentiye göre rüyalar hem geçmişe aittir hem de geleceğe böylece. sahibinden satılık olanları özellikle...
bir the game sarkisi. sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun: i woke up out dat coma, 2000 and 1 bout the same time dre dropped 2000 and 1 three years later the album is done aftermath presents: nigga witta attitude volume 1 rap critics politicin wanna know the outcome! ready to die, reasonable doubt and doggystyle in one i feel like pac, after the snoop dogg trial was done dre behind the g-series and all eyez on me i watched the death of a dynasty! so i told vibe magazine workin' with dr.dre was a "dream!" i had visions of makin' a classic then my wall turned black,like i was starin outa stevie wonders glasses it's kinda hard to imagine,like kanye west comin back from a fatal accident, to beat makin' and rappin' but, we da future whitney houston told me that, it's gon take mo' than a bullet in a heart to hold me back blushin' in this 40 ounce lettin the ink from my pen bleed cuz marthin luther king had a "dream!" aaliyah had a "dream!" left eye had a "dream!" so i reached out to kanye and "brough you all my dreeam!" i had dreams of fuckin' an r'n'b bitch like mya when i saw dat ass on a front of that king read the article in a magazine she loved gangsters, loved nasty things so i'm the glass house havin' nasty dreams! good girls neva' give it up but anything is possible ,if 50 fucked vivica hurdled life's obstacles,found my way through the maze then joy turned to pain like, frankie beverly and maze used to dream about bein' unsigned hype till i was crushed my dave mase, almost let my pen fall asleep on a page daydreamin' yesterday dozin' on offback stage i tought i saw eazy talkin' to jam master jay so i walked over heard jam master say it's a hardknock life, then you pass away they say sleep is the cousin' of death so my eyes wide open cuz a dream is kin to ya last breath blushin' in this 40 ounce lettin' the ink from my pen bleed cuz marthin luther king had a "dream!" aalyah had a "dream!" left eye had a "dream!" so i reached out to kanye and "brought you all my dream!" the dream of huey newton, that's what i'm livin' through the dream of eric wright, that's what i'm givin' you! who walk through the whitehouse without a business suit? compton had jerry curl drippin' on ronald reagens shoes gave mike lim my demo came here to pay my dues started of with whoo kid then i started blazin' clue it was all a dream like big said it be don't sleep on me homie i bring nightmares to reality rap phenomenon defyin' the rulez of gravity studied all the classic start revisin my strategy cuz marshall mathers made it curtis jackson made it head in the clouds wonderin where the hell marvin gaye went? how do i say this, i'm livin' for my son but i can't figure, why i'm at my temple with this gun wake up to a jesus piece like a cathlic nun the war to be a rap legend has just begun blushin' in this 40 ounce lettin' the ink from my pen bleed cuz marthin luther king had a "dream!" aalyah had a "dream!" left eye had a "dream!" so i reached out to kanye and "you are my dreeam!" this song is dedicated to yutandey price the sister of venus and serena williams who was slain during a gang shoot-out in compton, sunday september 14th 2003, rest in peace!
böyle her şarkısını loop'a alıp dinlediğinizden bir türlü sindiremediğiniz, bitiremediğiniz albümler vardır ya, tv on the radio'nun dinleye dinleye diğer şarkılarını es geçtiğim, her bittikten sonra bir dahaki şarkı yerine tekrar dinlediğim harika bir parçası dreams. ol yor driims ar ovur nav diye başlayıp öyle gidiyor. aslında dinlerken hüzünlenirdim ama ben hüzün nedir bilmem.
bir nana sarkisi. cok guzel sarkidir kendisi ayrica. * sozler; chorus: in my dreams god is talking to me in my dreams i am down on my knees in my dreams i am begging you please let my soul rest in peace rap1: dreams sometimes i ask the lord why mama back again in my dreams you are alive i don't know reality of fiction i guess you and the lord guiding on my mission who am i an actor or musician dreaming all these years finally the right decision i can't breathe my mind is wide open nightmares in the night bed sheet like an ocean sleeping deep i can hear god speak your life in my hands check the bible read and preach my eyes open begin to realize i am still in my dreams who's the man in disguise i start trippin' think a sec about the kitchen have to face the fact about my future reputation in addition minimize my ambition lord wake me up change my situation chorus bridge: life is too short too short to live in anger can't stand these negative vibes life is too short too short to live with danger please help me god to survive can’t just stand these negative vibes won’t you help me god to survive can’t just stand these negative vibes rap 2. dreams i just can't explain they bug me out make me trip in so many ways i want the truth nothing but the truth entire 411 i am goin' back to my roots woop woop that's the sound of the police young gifted black i am down on my knees irritated lost nowhere to go help me please rescue me i am loosing control the show must go on i wanna have my piece of cake separate good from the bad and fake snakes always wanna ride your jack and place their behinds in your face dispossess your space in my dreams i see a picture of your face life is too short b take a break i wish good luck for you and yours dreams see me walking through that door chorus could you ease my pain and show me good things is my life could it be that i’m just to blind, life is to short, to short to live in anger, please help me god to survive still talking in my dreams, without you life is not what it seams this is so hard to take
akira kurosawa'nin filmi icin, (bkz: yume)
mayadrom uptownda bir cafe. maç da izlenebiliyor.
bir edgar allan poe şiiri, ki kendisi şöyledir: oh! that my young life were a lasting dream! my spirit not awakening, till the beam of an eternity should bring the morrow. yes! tho' that long dream were of hopeless sorrow. 'twere better than the cold reality of waking life, to him whose heart must be, and hath been still, upon the lovely earth, a chaos of deep passion, from his birth. but should it be - that dream eternally continuing - as dreams have been to me in my young boyhood - should it thus be given, 'twere folly still to hope for higher heaven. for i have revell'd, when the sun was bright i' the summer sky, in dreams of living light and loveliness, - have left my very heart in climes of my imagining, apart from mine own home, with beings that have been of my own thought - what more could i have seen? 'twas once - and only once - and the wild hour from me remembrance shall not pass-some power or spell had bound me - 'twas the chilly wind came o'er me in the night, and left behind its image on my spirit - or the moon shone on my slumbers in her lofty noon too coldly - or the stars-howe'er it was that dream was as that night-wind - let it pass. i have been happy, tho' in a dream. i have been happy - and i love the theme: dreams! in their vivid colouring of life, as in that fleeting, shadowy, misty strife of semblance with reality, which brings to the delirious eye, more lovely things of paradise and love - and all our own! than young hope in his sunniest hour hath known.
harika adam erlend oye'nin yepyeni projesi olan the whitest boy alive'ın haziran ayında çıkan ilk albümü.baştan sona kadar sürükleyip götüren, birbirinden güzel on adet yepyeni şarkı bulunduran albüm uzun süre dinlenilecek albümler listesinde üst sıralarda hemen yerini aldı bile.esas güzel olan erlend oye'nin geçen sene kings of convenience ile beraber,bu sene ise yepyeni grubuyla istanbula gelmesi.albüm çok güzel,hem de taptaze iken canlı performanslarını da izlemek bambaşka güzel olacak.albümdeki şarkılar şunlar: 1-burning 2-above you 3-inflation 4-fireworks 5-done with you 6-don't give up 7-figures 8-borders 9-golden cage 10-all ears ayrıca (bkz: 3 kasim 2006 twba istanbul konseri)
(bkz: ingmar bergman) (bkz: kvinnodröm)
dokuzuncu nesil çaylak.
aynı zaman amon düül iinin 1975 çıkışlı albümü, made in germany'den harika bir parça.
bir amsvartner şarkısı.
hareketli bir brandi carlile parcasi. sozleri soyle: dreams, i have dreams when i'm awake when i'm asleep and you, you are in my dreams you're underneath my skin, how am i so weak and now in my dreams, i can feel the way, i can just come clean i keep it to myself, i know what it means i can't have you, but i have dreams how long, can you hold your breath? can you count to ten, can you let it pass? to keep, can you keep it in? keep it behind lashes, can you make it last? and now in my dreams, i can feel the way i can just come clean i keep it to myself, i know what it means i can't have you, but i have dreams oh, i have dreams, i have dreams mind, can you read my mind? has it come undone, am i showin' signs? and now, in my dreams i can feel the way, i can just come clean i keep it to myself, i know what it means i can't have you, but i have dreams i have dreams, i have, i have, i have dreams.
bir allman brothers band eseri. gregg allman bu şarkıyı los angeles'da yaşarken yazmıştır. hüzünlü bir şarkıdır. hanimiş sözleri, hanimiş, hanimiş; just one more mornin' i had to wake up with the blues pulled myself outta bed, yeah put on my walkin' shoes, went up on the mountain, to see what i could see, the whole world was fallin', right down in front of me. [chorus] 'cause i'm hung up on dreams i'll never see, yeah baby. ahh help me baby, or this will surely be the end of me, yeah. pull myself together, put on a new face, climb down off the hilltop, baby, get back in the race. [chorus] pull myself together, put on a new face, climb down off the hilltop, baby, get back in the race. [chorus]
brandi carlile'nin rüyalarımı kapkara renkere boyadığı şarkısı. on effect etkisi yapan bir yanı. bişiysi.
cranberries'e ait olanının demo versiyonu aşağıdaki linkten dinlenebilir. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jc5qhyf-lmw
chungking express'in soundtrack albümünde faye wong kantonca ve mandarin versiyonlarını dream person adı altında seslendirmiştir. orijinalinin dreams olduğunu öğrenince büyük hayal kırıklığına uğrayıp, "belki cranberries faye wong'dan çalmıştır" diye kendi çapımda bir araştırma yapsam da doğrulunu kanıtlayadım. faye wong daha güzel söylemiştir tabii ki ya da ben kantoncayı çok seviyorum. işte chungking express'ten şarkının olduğu kısım: sonuç olarak kantonca versiyonu daha güzeldir, faye wong duygulu kadındır.
(bkz: dream person)
çok güzel sözlere sahip bir deep dish şaheseri. klibi de bir deep dish klasiğidir. sözleri: now here you go again, you say, you want your freedom, well who am i to keep you down? it's only right that you should, play the way that you feel it, but listen carefully to the sound, of your loneliness, like a heartbeat drives you mad, in the stillness of remembering what you had, and what you lost, what you had, and what you lost, thunder only happens when it's raining, players, only love you when they're playing, they say women, they will come and they will go, when the rain washes you clean you'll know, you will know (x4) now here i go again i see, the crystal vision, i keep my visions to myself, it's only me who wants to, wrap around your dreams and, have you any dreams you'd like to sell? dreams of loneliness, like a heartbeat drives you mad, in the stillness of remembering what you had, and what you lost, what you had, oh, what you lost, thunder only happens when it's raining, players, only love you when they're playing, they say women, they will come and they will go, when the rain washes you clean you'll know, you will know (x8)
sevgili enya'nin pek hos ve tatli bi parcasi.. kisik seste uyku sarkisi yapmak icin de ayrica ideal. you're everything my dreams have seen. but, what are dreams? i'm walking where my dreams have been. but, what are dreams? can i believe these spells i feel? i'm wary now. can i believe, or is this real? i'm wary now. just like some new-born creature, i. what are dreams? a child in need of love and care. tell me what, tell me what, are dreams? can i believe these spells i feel? i'm wary now. can i believe, or is this real? i'm wary now. just like some new-born creature, i. what are dreams? a child in need of love and care. tell me what, tell me what, are dreams?
efsanevi bir albümdür. çok net. (bkz: grace slick)
grace slick'in albümü billboard listelerinde abd'de 32.'liğe kadar çıkabilmiş. büyük britanya'daysa* daha iyice: 28. oysa albümün eksiği yoka yakındır. listede aşağılarda kalması 80'lerle birlikte müziğin bir taraftan disko, diğer yandan metale kanalize olmasıyla ilgili olabilir. her halükârda değişmeyen gerçek, az bilinmesinin bariz bir kayıp olduğu.
aynı isimde bir çok şarkı var. bunların en azından burada yazanlarının hepsini dinlemiş bir müziksever olarak söyleyebilirim ki, en iyisi grace slick'in olandır.
the whitest boy alive'ın ikinci albümleri rules (2009) ile neredeyse hiç alakası olmayan ilk göz ağrısı. ikincide pop daha ağır basarken bu ilk albüm daha çok gitar tadında. zaten klasik bir garaj grubu havası veriyor dinleyenlere. ritim olarak da çok daha sakin bir albüm rules'a göre. ha bana soracak olursanız rules daha iyi ama dreams de kendi özelinde başarılı bir çalışma. benim için önemli bir barem olan baştan sona dinlenebilme özelliğine de sahip. hem bunu insanı düşünceye sevkederek yapıyor. rules'u dinlerken insan elini kolunu oynatmadan duramaz ama dreams ciddi başlıyor, ciddi bitiyor. "above you" da açık ara albümdeki favori şarkım. "there's a song for every dreamer as they climb over this fence trading roses for the real world" diyerek albümün adını ve amacını anlatmış dizeleri de içinde barındırır hem. arkasından gelen "inflation" da çok başarılı bir çalışmadır. dreams'in iki farklı şarkı dizilimi vardır (iki farklı release) ama "inflation" hep "above you"nun arkasındadır. birbirleri için yaratıldıkları o kadar bellidir işte. kimse ayırmaya kıramaz.
glee 2x19 rumours bölümünde güzel bir kristin chenoweth ve matthew morrison düet cover'ı yapılmış fleetwood mac şarkısı.
fleetwood macin adamı alan, bir yerlere götüren şarkısı. özellikle girişi muhteşemdir, now here you go again, you say you want your freedom well who am i to keep you down diye girilen kısmı....
"oh my life is changing everyday..." diyerek başladığında her dinleyişte insanı mest eden parça. müzik güzel, dolores o'riordan'ın sesi müzikten güzel, parça tümden güzel. soundtrack olarak kullanıldığı filmlerin başında "you've got mail" geliyor tabii. zaten o filmin akıllarda yer etmesinin başlıca nedeni. ayrıca "cold case"in bir bölümünde de çalınmış bulunuyor. hattâ "mission impossible" filminde, ethan ve luther cafe'de otururken ve olan biteni konuşurken de fonda bu güzel şarkı çalıyordu.
başucu şarkısı.* yorulanların başlarına bir tutam rüya serper, daima.
tyr'in eric the red albümünün üçüncü şarkısı. sözleri şöyledir: i've learned all the lore, i've been told all the tales ancient legends of war are the wind in my sails the deeds of the brave come alive in the rhyme and the myth is my ship on the ocean of time i can feel it is near, i can see it appear and at dawn on the glittering heath i saw it all, gold lay beneath and the dragon did meet its bane and was slain and at dawn at the valkyries hill, crossing the fire, acting her will was the slayer and how alive though it seems i was there in my dreams somewhere in time deeds of the day became the rhymes we sing today where did we come from and where are we now is enough information to say where we'll go wherever we go we must go there from here and we carry our load and we learn all the lore i can feel it is near, i can see it appear and at dawn on the glittering heath i saw it all, gold lay beneath and the dragon did meet its bane and was slain and at dawn at the valkyries hill, crossing the fire, acting her will was the slayer and how alive though it seems i was there in my dreams somewhere in time deeds of the day became the rhymes we sing today in a way we have turned through the pages of time in a rhyme, gone back as far as we may in a day we are part of the tales of the brave as they pave way for descendants in dreams somewhere in time deeds of the day became the rhymes we sing today i've learned all the lore
animal instinct'le birlikte, the cranberries'in en başarılı iki şarkısından biridir. ve bana göre, dolores'in sesindeki tüm güzelliğin en kolay fark edilebildiği şarkıdır. yazı yazan herkes gibi, abartmayı biraz severim. fakat gerçekten de, bu şarkıyı her dinlediğimde, vokalin bir melek olduğu sanrısına kapılıyorum.
aynı zamanda bir king's x şarkısı. my dream is to be a lover i don't mean sex in a can my dream is to be a brother not the kind that separates man dreams do come true, yeah dreams do come true, yeah my dream is to see changes in the heart of man i want to see salvation to anyone who can dreams do come true, yeah dreams do come true, yeah dream on http://www.metrolyrics.com/…ams-lyrics-kings-x.html
the whitest boy alive'ın 2006 yazında sunmuş olduğu ilk albumu. ılık bir havası var. yaz akşamlarında sahil kenarındaki bir terasta süregelen hoş sohbetlere ve de kadehlere fon olabilir mesela.
bir suru bos beles grubun arasinda fleetwood mac'in versiyonu tam bir klasik, tam bir kalp agrisidir. gel de uyuz olma, millet cranberries filan diye cosuyor, cik cik cik. (kuslar)
huzur dendiğinde akla ilk gelen şeylerden biridir cennet; bu şarkı huzur veriyor, sanıyorsun ki cennetten çalınmış melodileri, sanıyorsun ki cennetten bir melek çıkmış ve söylemiş şarkıyı. işte böyle bir cranberries şarkısıdır dreams. dolores, cennetten bizzat çıkmış bir varlık gibi söylüyor.
