dinah washington'un hos yorumuyla, ilk defa radyoda* dinledigim bir caz sarkisi. sözler, leo robin ve ralph rainger'a ait... living for you is easy living it's easy to live when you're in love and i'm so in love there is nothing in life but you i never regret the years that i'm giving they're easy to give when you're in love i'm happy to do whatever i do for you for you maybe i'm a fool but it's fun people say you rule me with one wave of your hand darling, it's grand they just don't understand living for you is easy living it's easy to live when you're in love and i'm so in love there's nothing in life but you
uriah heep ve wasp'e ait olan icin (bkz: easy livin)
ella fitzgerald (vo) ve joe pass'in (g) 1986'da cikardiklari albumun ismi.
sözleri şu şekilde olan gluecifer şarkısı: i'm done with the easy living x 8 i'm done with the slack you're giving me i'm done with the easy living x 3 i'm done with the slack you're giving me i'm done with the easy living i'm sitting in a house so pretty got a life so shitty and i want no pity come on with the nitty gritty yeah come on and hit me coz i'm feeling shitty i'm done with the words i'm saying i'm done with the words i'm saying i'm done with the game i'm playing i'm done with the words i'm saying i'm done with the road i'm walking i'm done with the road i'm walking i'm done with the goddamn talking i'm done with the road i'm walking i'm sitting in a house so pretty got a life so shitty and i want no pity come on with the nitty gritty yeah come on and hit me coz i'm feeling shitty i'm done with the easy living x 8 i'm done with the slack you're giving me i'm done with the easy living x 3 i'm done with the slack you're giving me i'm done with the easy living i'm sitting in a house so pretty got a life so shitty and i want no pity come on with the nitty gritty yeah come on and hit me coz i'm feeling shitty
chet baker ve lady day tarafından da taçlandırılmış şarkı. bir de bunla başlayan bir roman vardı sanki. neyse...
bir evcilik dergisi. marie claire ile maison dergisi cirpistirilmis, biraz daha okunasi bir dergi cikmis. http://www.easylivingmagazine.co.uk/
fallout soundtrackinde billie holiday yorumu dinlenilir. winamptan auto-tag yapılır. winampın getirdiği sayfada yıl için 1937 yazmaktadır. biraz melankoli hissedilerek zamanda yapılan bu yolculuğun sonuna gelinir.
george benson ve jack mcduff quartet' 1964 tarihli albümlerinde * yorumlarlar bu şarkıyı.
müthiş bir müzikal birliktelik ürünü, 86 tarihli bir ella fitzgerald ve joe pass albümü. üstadın ellerinden, kraliçenin de sesinden: 1 my ship (4:24) 2 don't be that way (2:58) 3 my man (3:28) 4 don't worry 'bout me (4:38) 5 days of wine and roses (3:03) 6 easy living (4:14) 7 i don't stand a ghost of a chance with you (6:03) 8 love for sale (4:38) 9 moonlight in vermont (4:20) 10 on green dolphin street (3:27) 11 why don't you do right? (2:56) 12 by myself (3:25) 13 i want a little girl (2:46) 14 i'm making believe (2:37) 15 on a slow boat to china (5:05)
