ayrica tam bir iron maiden bass kısmı vardır.bitiminde barça yine haldır haldır trash olur.güzel şarkı,gaz şarkı
travelling wilburys parcasi. sozleri soyle; well it's alright, riding around in the breeze well it's alright, if you live the life you please well it's alright, doing the best you can well it's alright, as long as you lend a hand you can sit around and wait for the phone to ring, at the end of the line waiting for someone to tell you everything, at the end of the line sit around and wonder what tomorrow'd bring, at the end of the line maybe a diamond ring well it's alright, even if they say you're wrong well it's alright, sometimes you gotta be strong well it's alright, as long as you got someone to lay well it's alright, every day is just one day maybe somewhere down the road a way, at the end of the line you'll think of me and wonder where i am these days, at the end of the line maybe somewhere down the road when somebody plays, at the end of the line purple haze well it's alright, even if push comes to shove well it's alright, if you got someone to love well it's alright, everything'll work out fine well it's alright, we're going to the end of the line don't have to be ashamed of the car i drive, at the end of the line i'm just glad to be here, happy to be alive, at the end of the line and it don't matter if you're by my side, at the end of the line i'm satisified well it's alright, even if you're old and gray well it's alright, you still got something to say well it's alright, remember to live and let live well it's alright, best you can do is forgive well it's alright, riding around in the breeze well it's alright, if you live the life you please well it's alright, even if the sun don't shine well it's alright, we're going to the end of the line
radakka şarkısı. (bkz: malice and tranquillity)
pain, rebirth albümünde yer alan $arkı, güzelde klibi vardır. my gun is pumping - you're down on your knees a closer step to death i think i'm coming, are you ready to recieve i spray you full with my killer disease i'm coming inside, i'll break you down your end of your life i stole your soul, i'm in control i just made you mine it's the end of the line you're broken to pieces crushed by the facts it's the end of the line it's not what it supposed to be how could this be face the enemy and meet reality how could you be so blind now you're testing death it controls your mind suffering years ahead i came inside i broke you down i ended your life i stole your soul i was in control and i made you mine it's the end of the line
(bkz: end of line)
efsane grup camel'ın 91 tarihli albumu dust and dreams'in harika parçalarından biri, belki de en basarılısı... albumdeki diger basarılı parcalar icin, (bkz: hopeless anger) (bkz: mother road)
ayrıca sozleri asagidaki gibi olan camel sarkisi.... well i'm walking this lonely street but i'm far from bein' alone 'cause everyone i meet, has nowhere to call home. so they move on from day to day, just to stand in a line. well my mother she comes to me and begs me not to fight. for the sake of the family, i have to stay out of sight. so i move on from day to day, just to stand in a line. on the road again for a job i never find. people talking... as if we're not their kind. i got a handbill, says there's work up here. left my homeland... and paid a price too dear. i've come to the end of the line there's too many men, despair in their faces... each one of us hoping to find a life, a home, a dream... within the line. i ain't helpless -- i just need a hand. these are hard times, for every kind of man. i've come to the end of the line there's too many men, despair in their faces. each one of us hoping to find a life, a home, a dream within the line. i've come to the end of the line there's too many men, despair in their faces. each one of us hoping to find a life, a home, a dream a place to be.
herkesin dikkatini ilk chris amott'un müthiş clean vokaliyle çeken arch enemy parçası. anthems of rebellion albümünün 11. parçasıdır. arch enemy'deki elemanlar bu parçada belki de albümün en düz ritimleri atarlar ama albümün en can, en kan parçalarından biri olmasını engeller mi bu? hayır. zira anthems of rebellion da aynı şekilde daha basit bir albüm olmasına karşın daha can, daha kan bir albümdür.
öğrenci projesi olan film... phone booth adıyla hollywood versiyonu çekilmiştir filmin...
almanya'nın bielefeld köyünden bir emo grubudur aynı zamanda. köy emosu icra ederler. çok neşeli şen şakrak insanlar olup, berlin konserlerine toplam 1 kişi gelmiş olsa bile (evet konserde sadece ben vardım, inanılmaz) "merhaba berlin! çok kalabalıksınız bu akşam" diye gülüp oynamışlardır.
pek eğlenceli bir mohair parçası... ska öğeler barındırması bir yana, parçanın sonlarına doğru piyano solosu iyice coşturur...
mohair'în gayet neşeye ve inceden yaşam sevincine gark eyleyecek hareketli parçası. when my luck runs out i'll be as busy as a bee at home watching daytime tv in my sole company when my chips are down i'll get a take-out on a whim i'm in limbo, dance in a hole in my soul, just to fit in won't you fly don't let life's loves pass you by you will die this is the end of the line when my ship comes in i'll turn a blind eyei to the sea drinking wine feeling fine until closing time closes on me won't you fly don't let life's loves pass you by you will die this is the end of the line i went to the water to wash my hands but they looked clean to me i blew my chance won't you fly don't let life's loves pass you by you will die this is the end of the line
joe simple grubu ve randy crawford'un bünyeye rahatlık veren sesiyle şekillenmiş muhteşem şarkı.
overkill'in en kral şarkılarından biri. nakaratı olsun, solosu olsun kalplerdeki yeri bambaşkadır. şarkının sonlarına doğru da bir iron maiden havası atıyorlar ki tadından yenmiyor.
2007 ~ kanada yapımı bir korku gerilim filmi...yönetmen,senaryo ve yapımcı maurice devereaux... görüntü yönetmeni denis noel mostert...müzik martin gauthier... filmin konusu kısaca; bir grup tarikat üyesi kendilerine gelen mesajlarla insanlara saldırıp öldürmektedir... bu tarikata üye olan bir grup ise geceyarısı son seferini yapan metrodaki insanlara saldırmaya başlar. metro tünellerine sıkışan masum insanlar hayatta kalmak ve yukarı çıkabilmek için kanlı bir mücadeleye girişirler... yalnız şahsen ilk defa bir gerilim filminde kafayı yemiş tarikat üyelerinin haklı çıktığına şahit oldum. enteresanmış. bende ölmek isterdim*. evet...
müthiş eğlenceli bir o kadar da hüzünlü mohair şarkısı.
devildriver'ın the the fury of our maker's hand albümünde bulunan muhteşem girişli gaz ötesi bir parçası; yardırıyor...
eğer ki overkill'in bu eserini uygun ortamda biri bana dinletirse sanırım balkanları tek başıma alabilirim. .. arkasından head first geliyo bi de.. kendiniz kaşınıyosunuz.
end of the line adındaki şarkılar tükenmez - yolun sonu gelmez. kingmaker şarkısıdır bu : this place is a jungle when i saw you in the trees i was so happy i stayed in bed for a week i said things were too good you told me every dog has his day if you want me to be your dog then next time you have to say i'm sorry but we're through 'spose you had to pick and choose i'm sure there's more where i came from i'm sorry but we're through 'spose you had to pick and choose smile it's the end of the line did i resent you putting me to the test? call me a bad loser but the answer's frankly yes we went to sleep as one and then woke up as two but i'll be honest i had nothing better to do i'm sorry but we're through 'spose you had to pick and choose all that's lost was mine i'm sorry but we're through 'spose you had to pick and choose smile, it's the end of the line i'm sorry but we're through. 'spose you had to pick and choose thanks for the waste of time....
çok önyargılı bir şekilde başlayıp tuhaf bir şekilde hoşuma giden düşük bütçeli kanada yapımı gerilim filmi. sonlardaki cgi kısımları dışında pek göze batan efekti de yok. konusu da fena değil, farklı bir yaklaşım olmuş. aşırı dindar psikopatların korku ögesi olarak kullanıldığı bir başka film. karanlık metro tünelleri de cabası. ortalama izleyiciyi rahatsız edebilecek sahneleri de var. izlenir ki bu. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0494224/
devildriver'a ait olan şarkının sözleri şu şekildedir. i do declare, there's something in the air im burning the candle at both ends bitter betrayals, skeleton keys houses to haunt, well its alright by me rags to ruin, some foolhardy choices some would say not a ghost of a chance, the ghosts in my mind, theyre one of a kind, they tell me what to do, and its shut down you. some things are best just left unsaid end of the line, end of the line one door closes, another door closes, and now your boxed in. end of the line, end of the line feel eyes inthe trees, the forebodding path, the turn of the head, i hear it laugh, it says "hang em now", it says "hang em high" when you are done, then hail to the sky ive been taught to get the fuck up to dust myself off, and to go it again the ghosts in my mind, they're one of a kind they tell me what to do, and its shut down you some things are best just left unsaid end of the line, end of the line one door closes, another door closes, and now your boxed in, end of the line, end of the line shit bitter betrayals, the foreboding path, ive come to shut you down, rags to ruin some foolhardy choices, some would say, not a ghost of a chance, the ghosts in my mind, they're one of a kind they tell me what to do, and its shut down you some things are best just left unsaid end of the line, end of the line, one door closes another door closes and now your boxed in end of the line, end of the line.
şarkının adını da oluşturan nakarat bölümünün zaman zaman aklıma takıldığı arch enemy şarkısı. böyle içimi bi garip hissetirir bu şarkı aynı zamanda, hüzünlendirir beni. sözleri de yokmuş o zaman bi copy paste yapalım da tam olsun. welcome to the circus leave your brain outside sit back - relax as we feed you lies spoon fed stimulation glittering fashion fascination you are lost in the game media corruption you'll be amused by the things we do to you but in the bitter end the clown is you end of the line you sold your soul for a better life you're better off dead you had one life you had one shot you blew it and you knew it the rot sets in no self control at the end of the line you play the fool you'll be amused by the things we do to you but in the bitter end the clown is you end of the line you sold your soul for a better life you're better off dead end of the line you're better off dead end of the line you sold your soul for a better life you're better off dead end of the line you're better off dead end of the line
bir allman brothers band şarkısı.
camel şarkısı olanı devlerin ayak izidir. kutup yıldızıdır. ejder nefesidir.
