neşeli bir goo goo dolls parçası.hani şu amerikan filmlerinde kahramanımız üstü açık bir arabayla bir şehiden diğerine akarken arka planda çalan şarkılar vardır ya işte öyle bir şeeeyyy işte öyle bi şeeyyy: i'm a fortunate son of a fortunate son livin' large on the wrong side of town too many friends and the fun never ends drinkin' and hangin' around i wanna rule the world, wanna swallow it whole at least i could kick it all down i wanna kick it all down eyes wide open, i can't see eyes wide open, what you mean eyes wide open, i can't seem to be my eyes wide open, i can't see eyes wide open, what you mean eyes wide open, i can't seem to be i don't take the bus and i never walk too far the furthest i got was my own backyard a fist full of cash that somebody else earned send me some more when it all got burned i wanna take control, wanna make it all mine at least i could kick it all down i wanna' kick it all down eyes wide open, i can't see eyes wide open, what you mean eyes wide open, i can't seem to be my eyes wide open, i can't see eyes wide open, what you mean eyes wide open, i can't seem to be never ever ever never ever ever never ever ever never ever ever i get what i want if i make up my mind i'm turnin' you inside out i wanna rule the world, wanna swallow it whole i think i'll just kick it all down i wanna kick it all down eyes wide open, i can't see eyes wide open, what you mean eyes wide open, i can't seem to be my eyes wide open, i can't see eyes wide open, what you mean eyes wide open, i can't seem to be eyes wide open
(bkz: eyes wide shut)
(bkz: with arms wide open)
king crimson'ın the power to believe albümünde yer alan bir şarkı.
eyes wide shut'in senaryosunu kubrick ile beraber yazan frederic raphael'in yazdigi stanley kubrick biyografisinin adi.
cok sevdiğim bir sixpence none the richer parcası. eyes wide open all the time just like a drogstore in the city where she walks the streets at night time keeps ticking like the ocean through a siv ever and ever forward in a march hallelujah and she is one for the money and for the show time to go back to life back to dreams without tears she is saving what she killed she built herself a room to spin around her womb she is saying good bye bye to world now life is heavy of mistakes have come to call her always close and dear never far behind floating just above the surface of their waves their nighmares wait but come again when she wakes
all these visions in my head shoot the gunner baby for the watershed some are live and some are dead makes no diferrence when they're in your head...head keep the door open a crack so i can see then when they attack some are white and some are black makes no difference when they're on your back and i can't stop crying and i can't stop trying 'cause the day is dying...dying...dying with my eyes wide open kept the sheep jumping the fence so i can see teepers (?) when i'm feeling tense disbelieve hung in suspense i die down with my own defence and i can't stop crying and i can't stop trying 'cause the day is dying...dying...dying with my eyes wide open all these visions in my head shoot the gunner baby for the watershed some are live and some are dead makes no diferrence when they're in your head and i can't stop crying and i can't stop trying 'cause the day is dying...dying...dying with my eyes wide open (bkz: the boy with no name) (bkz: travis)
magnum'un princess alice and the broken arrow albümünün ikinsi albümün en şahane parçası. goodnight, baby, don't you despair sleep tight maybe, morning will answer your prayers eyes wide open, going nowhere no words spoken, handle your dreams with great care their faces still haunt me i tremble reluctantly like children they wonder their freedom dies endlessly we're all crazy, that's just a fact they can't save me, heaven will come dressed in black it's all over, into the fire hatred smoulders, gathered round each funeral pyre their faces still haunt me i tremble reluctantly like children they wonder their freedom dies endlessly the place is still burning they crumble in sympathy this nonsense surrounds us no reason, no empathy people feel forsaken in this place together everything is breaking it will take forever
(bkz: einaym pkuhot)
nakaratı yaşatıyor; ağlayarak araba kullanıyorsun, güneş batıyor falan. yaşarken dinlemek nasıl olur bilemiyorum, arabada bulundurmak lazım, denk gelir belki. ... and i can't stop crying and i can't stop driving 'cause the day is dying...dying...dying and my eyes wide open ...
eyes wide open - exploring today's south america: güney amerika'daki değişim rüzgarına toplu bir bakış atan, her şeyi güllük gülistanlık çizmeyen ama umut da veren bir belgesel.
king crimson'a ait olanının sözleri de aşağıdaki gibidir: here it comes, here comes another day another decision on the way well, here it comes, here comes a covered display of preferences to make well, here it comes, here comes a knock on the door, open it for an opportunity well, here it comes, here comes another day for memories to be made eyes wide open, eyes wide open all the time and there it was, it was a perfect take and were you asleep or awake? there it was, it was a perfect time to speak your mind and there it was, it was a chance of a lifetime it flew right by and what did you do? well, there it was, it was another day for memories to be made eyes wide open, eyes wide open all the time i've got my eyes wide open, eyes wide open all the time because you never know what you might see
staind'ın yeni parçası. kısıtlı bir zaman için bedavaya veriyorlarmış http://www.roadrunnerrecords.co.uk/…/mp3/staind.zip
gotye'nin 2011 çıkışlı making mirrors albümünde yer alan bir şarkı. * * sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun with our eyes wide open we... with our eyes wide open we... so this is the end of the story everything we had, everything we did is buried in dust and this dust is all that's left of us and only a few ever worried while the signs were clear they have no idea you just get used to living in fear or give up when you can't even picture your future we walk the plank with our eyes wide open* we walk the plank with our eyes wide open we (walk the plank with our eyes wide open we) yeah we walk the plank with our eyes wide open we (walk the plank with our eyes wide open we) some people offered up answers we made out like we heard they were only words they didn't add up to a change in the way we were living and the saddest thing is all of it could have been avoided but it was like to stop consuming's to stop being human and why'd i make a change if you won't? we're all in the same boat staying afloat for the moment we walk the plank with our eyes wide open (walk the plank with our eyes wide open we) and we walk the plank with our eyes wide open we (walk the plank with our eyes wide open we) with our eyes wide open we we walk the plank, we walk the plank so that is the end of the story sözlerini de çevireyim tam olsun gözlerimiz apaçık... gözlerimiz apaçık... demek hikayenin sonuna geldik sahip olduğumuz her şey, yaptığımız her şey toza gömüldü gitti ve bizden kalan tozdan başka bir şey değil sadece birkaç kişinin umurunda oldu işaretler çok açık olsa da hiçbir fikirleri yok korku içinde yaşamaya alışıyorsun veya vazgeçmeye geleceğini bile gözünde canlandıramıyorken gözlerimiz apaçık yürüyoruz kalasın ucuna gözlerimiz apaçık yürüyoruz kalasın ucuna (gözlerimiz apaçık yürüyoruz kalasın ucuna) evet, gözlerimiz apaçık yürüyoruz kalasın ucuna we (gözlerimiz apaçık yürüyoruz kalasın ucuna) kimileri bize cevaplar sundu onları duymuş gibi yaptık ama sadece kelimelerdi bir etkileri olmadı yaşam tarzlarımızı değiştirmemize ve en kötüsü de tüm bunlara engel olabilirdik ama tüketmekten vazgeçmek insanlıktan vazeçmek gibiydi ve sen bir değişiklik yapmayacaksan ben niye yapayım ki? hepimiz aynı gemideyiz şimdilik suyun üstünde yüzüyoruz gözlerimiz apaçık yürüyoruz kalasın ucuna (gözlerimiz apaçık yürüyoruz kalasın ucuna) evet, gözlerimiz apaçık yürüyoruz kalasın ucuna we (gözlerimiz apaçık yürüyoruz kalasın ucuna) gözlerimiz apaçık yürüyoruz kalasın ucuna, yürüyoruz kalasın ucuna işte bu da hikayenin sonu
gotye'nin sözleri çok şey anlatan aynı zamanda çok hoş bir müziğe de sahip şarkısı. özellikler küresel ısınma üzerine söylenmiş en anlamlı cümlelerden birine sahiptir bu parça. we walk the plank with our eyes wide open gözlerimiz sonuna kadar açık sırığın ucuna doğru yürüyoruz dinlemek isteyenler şuradan dinleyebilir.
baba bir staind şarkısı.. the hating and the waiting, hesitating i just want to be done with you faking for the taking but i’m wicked up to the fact that you’re lying, and denying justifying all the actions you take it’s pathetic and poetic it’s just sick! it’s just sick! is compromise something you don’t understand? you force your hand but my eyes are wide open. caught in the web of your self-serving plan. don’t force my hand when my eyes are wide open. seeing is believing, now i’m leaving all the damage is done and you’ve broken the notion of trust cause you’re lying and denying justifying all the actions you take it’s pathetic and poetic it’s just sick! it’s just sick! is compromise something you don’t understand? you force your hand but my eyes are wide open. caught in the web of your self-serving plan. don’t force my hand when my eyes are wide open. seeing is believing, now i’m leaving all the damage is done all the damage is done! all the damage is done! is compromise something you don’t understand? you force your hand but my eyes are wide open. caught in the web of your self-serving plan. don’t force my hand when my eyes are wide open. don’t force my hand when my eyes are wide open. don’t force my hand when my eyes are wide open. force my hand when my eyes are wide open. lying and denying is just sick! lying and denying is just sick! it’s just sick! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdvbvrw4heg
