(bkz: faith) (ara: faithful) (bkz: marianne faithfull)
faith club üyelerine verilen isim. (bkz: rotaryen)(bkz: leo)...
senaryosu chazz palminteri'ye ait üç kişilik film; film esasen palminteri'nin oyunundan uyarlamadır, kendi de oyunculardan biridir, cher ve ryan o'nail diğer iki oyuncudur, imdb'den bakmak zorunda kalınmaması için, yönetmenin paul mazursky olduğunu eklemek isterim
(bkz: faithfull)
stephen king'in stewart o'nan la hazırladığı "two diehard boston red sox fans chronicle the 2004 season" alt başlığıyla piyasaya sürülmüş enterasan beyzbol ürünü.. king'in red sox fanatiği olduğu bilinir, ( saygı duyuyoruz) ama ne alaka? bide ne format varsa basmış ( hard cover, paperback, cd, kaset ) bi longplay eksik.
bir babyface $arkisi. sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun: you've been hanging out without your girlfriends and they've been hanging out at all the clubs and you've been making eyes at all their boyfriends have i complained? not even once so tell me how can you expect me to be cool while you're playing silly games with my love darlin' i won't accept you putting blame on me you know that i'm the innocent one now haven't i been faithful haven't i been true but you're not even grateful hey, what's a guy to do hook you've been talking to your ex-girlfriends they're always calling you up on the phone yet you insist they really don't mean nothing then tell me why can't you just leave them alone so tell me how can you expect me to be true while you're playing silly games with my heart darlin' i won't accept you putting blame on me you know that i'm the innocent one now haven't i been faithful haven't i been true but you're not even grateful ooh, what's a girl to do hook girl, i'm giving all i have just to prove my love is cool boy, i'm giving all my love so that you will know my love is true now haven't i been faithful haven't i been true but you're not even grateful ooh, what's a girl to do (what's a guy to do) now haven't i been faithful haven't i been true but you're not even grateful ooh, what's a girl to do (what's a guy gonna do) now haven't i been faithful haven't i been true but you're not even grateful ooh, what's a girl to do (what is a guy to do)
ing:sadık tersi:unfaithful *
(bkz: keep the faith) vardir bi de.
pearl jam'in yield albümünden hoş bir parça. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun: plaque on the wall says that no one's slept here it's rare to come upon a bridge that has not been around or been stepped on whatever the notion, we laced in our prayers the man upstairs is used to all of this noise i'm through with screaming and echoes nobody hears, it goes, it goes, it goes like echoes nobody hears, it goes, it goes, it goes like this we're faithful, we all believe, we all believe it we're faithful, we all believe, we all believe it we're faithful, we all believe, we all believe it we're faithful, we all believe, we all believe it and echoes nobody hears, it goes, it goes, it goes and echoes nobody hears, it goes, it goes, it goes we're faithful, we all believe, we all believe it we're faithful, we all believe, we all believe it were' faithful, we all believe, we all believe it so faithful, we all believe, we all believe it m.y.t.h. is belief in the game controls that keeps us in a box of fear we never listen voice inside so drowned out drowned you are, you are, you are a furry thing and everything is you me you, you me, it's all related what's a boy to do? just be darling and i will be too faithful to you
group theory'de eger grup elemanlari ile onlarin representation'lari arasinda (turkce'ye bak) bire bir iliski varsa o representation'a faithful denir ingilizce'de.
iki farklı başlıkta** sadece şarkı sözlerinden ibaret iki entry ile geçiştirilemeyecek kadar güzel bir pearl jam şarkısı.
