timo tolkki'nin hymn to life albümünden deneysel nitelikli 1 üretim. gerek müzik şeklinde tanımlanamaz 1 yapım olmasıyla gerek de baba sevgisi aşılayan sözleriyle (2.si ironi;msg atıp bik bik yapana hadoken çekerim) kendimden geçmeme sebep olmuş 1 yapım. the smell of your breath, it makes me sick your naked body lying on the floor i want to kill you hut you did it yourself you killed my innocence you drunken fuck i hate you i piss on your grave and curse your memory i was always there in the family hell i was in your way and you hit me you cut your wrists and jumped from the 4th floor i was the last one who saw you alive you drunken fuck i hate you i kill you i damage you i bury you i wish you would have been there to watch me grow guiding me with wisdom, love and patience telling me that you love me and showing it to me making this world a safe place to be you hurt me so much that i don't know if i'm ever gonna be whole but i want you to know that i'm gonna try still after all that you did i miss you and the rose and the letter that i brought to your grave tells you about my longing so i say goodbye to you now after 23 years you were just a moment of my life and i got to continue maybe one day i will be able to forgive you until then goodbye
aziza mustafa zadeh'in dance of fire albümünde bulunan, babası vagıf mustafa zadeh için yazdığı parça. kulağa yayılan baba sızısıdır.
equilibrium'un kurucusu. filmde sean pertwee tarafından canlandırılmış.
daniele liverani projesi, üc bölümden olusmasi planlanan genius a rock opera'nin ilk bölümü a human into dreams world'de theres a human'dan sonra devam eden mükemmel parça... st: story teller - philip bynoe kmc: king mc chaos - john wetton st: "wild tribe's caravan started it's walk back to the african kingdom, as progressively disappeared into the horizon. king mc chaos got back to his place too, unaware of what soon would have happened to him. that night the european king watched over his little son. though it was as if he was feeling anxious for some unexplanable reason, but only perceived through the sensitiveness of a father..." kmc: don't be afraid i'm near to your bed i will stay here with you all night long don't be afraid i'm near to your bed i'll keep your hands in mine all night long a father will always give you the best a father is present when his little boy wants to be helped a father can see what is there in his eyes a father could give his life to save is own son don't be afraid i'm near to your bed i'll sing this song for you all night long don't be afraid i'm near to your bed i promise i'll be with you all night long a father can feel when his boy is afraid a father can feel when his fate comes to take him away a father can see what is there in his eyes a father could give his life to save his son right now! but i have to win the pain that i feel there's nothing to worry about so let that feeling stand so let that feeling stand... a father can see what is there in his eyes a father could give his life to save his son right now! <at mc chaos' palace, the music faded away. warmly embraced by his father, the baby was falling sleep again. mc chaos was putting all his dreams of kingdom future on that child. his wife died giving brth to him and he had promised her that their son would become, one day, the ruler of the european kingdom...> devami için (bkz: terminate)
cat stevens'ın 1978 yılında çıkarttığı back to earth albümünün 8. parçasıdır. bu şarkıda cat stevens tanrıya seslenmektedir. 4 dakika 07 saniye süren şarkının söz ve müzikleri cat stevensa aittir. sözleri bile vardır bu şarkının : father oh father hear me if you can is it true what they say that life is a dream i don't understand the things that make rain in my eyes are they real or are they lies you know i hear so much about you now i'd give anything to go on a little boat with you talk about the scheme of things on a little boat with you father oh father guide me if you can or give me the chance to follow you home i am your son but i wish i knew you when you were young were you lonely as a boy you know i'd give so much to see you now i'd go anywhere pick a little stick and walk with you talk about the scheme of things on a short walk with you father oh father you give me just a little hope i feel something out there reaching for me well here i am won't you take me with you out of this maze and away from this place because it gets so cold and lonely here i'll do anything to sit on a little rock with you talk about the scheme of things on a small rock with you show me show me show me the way before they grind me down and bleach me grey send me power not to be afraid and when i close my eyes let me see you once in the light father oh father heal me if you can is it true what they say that life is a dream
turk ailesinde annenin resmi e$i olmasi ongorulen $ahis. lakin ecnebide farkli olabilir tabi. problem deildir.
"daddy" seklinde yumusatilan kelime..
anthony rother 'ın süper parçası.
bombombomba bir motley crue şarkısı. alman, dark, elektro, goth bişeylere benzer. girls girls girls ile neşeli gaz olan motley dinleyicisi için audio kabus atmosferi. "ezilmiş incik" sözcüğünü anımsatıyor. finaldeki piyano ve "i love you dad" diyen sekiz yaşındaki velede de acıdım. iç acıması manasında.
dokuzuncu nesil çaylak.
klasik gitarın elektro ritm üzerine uygulandığı mattias ia eklundh enstrümentali. şarkıyı babası için yazdığı iddia* edilir.
manowar'ın thunder in the sky albümünden önümüzdeki 50 yıl boyunca babalar günü resmi soundtrack'i olacak şarkısı. --- sözleri --- when i was small you took me by the hand father you should know i finally understand you taught me wrong from right and how to live you gave the greatest gift that one could give you never let me down you made me strong when i made mistakes when i was wrong some days we'd laugh and some days we'd fight somehow you knew one day i'd say you were right you're with me in every word i say in every hour of every single day in all i do i'm just a part of you you lived your lie for us that was your plan those hands that never take they worked the land hands that never take can only give and because of you i know how to live you're with me in every word i say in every hour of every single day in all i do i'm jus a part of you father just one thing you always knew every word you said to me was true --- lyrics --- (bkz: tatko) (bulgarian - bulgaristanca) (bkz: otac) (croatian - hırvatistanca) (bkz: isa) (finnish - finlandiyaca) (bkz: mon pere) (french - fransaca) (bkz: vater) (german - almanyaca) (bkz: patera) (greek - yunanistanca) (bkz: apa) (hungarian - macaristanca) (bkz: padre) (italian - italyaca) (bkz: chichi) (japanese - japonyaca) (bkz: far) (norwegian - norveçce) (bkz: ojciec) (polish - polonyaca) (bkz: pai) (portuguese - portekizce) (bkz: tata) (romanian - romanyaca) (bkz: padre) (spanish - ispanyaca) (bkz: baba) (turkish - türkiyece)
bilgisayarli satranc dunyasinda bir efsanedir. father efsanesi. derler ki, vakti zamaninda playchess denen bir server icad olunmus. yerkurenin dort bir yanindaki internet sitelerinde bilgisayar destegi ile satranc oynayanlar, bu siteyi kesfetmisler ve cok sevmisler. zamanla yuzlerce oyuncu bu server'a akin etmis ve gece gunduz demeden bilgisayarlarini yaristirmislar. rekabetin kizgin yag gibi oradan buraya sicradigi yillarda iki disli satranc programi varmis. bunlardan biri fritz digeri shredder mis. birbirine ustunluk saglayamayan bu iki program, satranc server'ini ikiye bolmus. kullanicilarin bir kismi fritzci digerleri shredderci olmuslar. playchess program savaslariyla kavrulurken beklenmedik birsey olmus. birgun siteye father nickli bir kullanici gelmis. fritz veya shredder kullanmayan bu gizemli oyuncunun, satranc programinin isminin yazmasi gereken yerde koskoca bir bosluk varmis. kendine ozgu bir oyun sitili olan bu oyuncuyu, playchess'in yeni programini denedigi robot kullanici sanmislar. oyunlari beklenmedik sekilde kazanan bu oyuncuyu inceleyip su ozelliklere sahip oldugunu gormusler. 1- acilista mumkun oldugunca kapali pozisyonlari seciyormus. 2- tas alabilecegi bir pozisyonda tasi almayip, pozisyonun kapali kalmasini sagliyormus. 3- piyon duvari olusturup bunu diger taslarla destekliyormus. 4- oyunlari en az 200 hamle suruyormus. 5- satranc programinin suresi oyun sonuna yetmiyormus. sessiz bir sekilde oyunlarini oynayan esrarengiz father, sorulan sorulara kacamak yanitlar veriyormus. birgun herseyi anlatmaya karar verdiginde serverdakiler soylediklerine inanamamislar. father herkesin dusundugu gibi yeni bir satranc programi veya bilgisayari degilmis. elo'su 2000 civarinda olan yaratici bir satrancciymis ve hayatini bilgisayari yenmeye adamis. gelistirdigi taktikle bilgisayarin en zayif noktalarini hedeflemis ve bunda oldukca basarili olmus. acilista pozisyonu kapali tutuyormus cunku olasiliklarin coklugu satranc programinin duzgun bir sonuca varmasini engelliyormus. tas alabilecegi pozisyonda almiyormus cunku taslar eksildikce bilgisayarin farkli degerler vermesi gereken elemanlar eksiliyor ve pozisyon hesaplarinin tutarliliklari artiyormus. piyon duvari olusturuyormus cunku piyon satranc programinin en zor deger belirledigi elemanmis. oyunlari 200 hamle suruyormus cunku satranc programi yenilmekten korkup pozisyonu acacak hamleyi yapamiyormus (bilgisayar kiminle oynadigini bilemedigi icin karsisindakini en az kendisi kadar guclu kabul eder.) ve oyun 200'den fazla hamleye uzayinca gereken hesaplamalari yapacak sure kalmiyormus. playchess server'inda efsane olan father'in yildizi rybka'nin icad olmasiyla sonmeye baslamis. rybka isimli bu hayvan program kapali pozisyonlarda dahi father'i zorluyor hatta yeniyormus. insanligin bilgisayara karsi son umidi olan neo yani nami deger father diger gm'lere bu taktigi anlatmaya calismis ama bunda fazla basarili olamamis. gercek ismi pablo ignacio restrepo olan father ara sira playchess'de gorunur ve rybka ile olan ezeli rekabetini surdurmeye calisirmis. -bitti-
bu kelimenin telaffuzunu en iyi serj tankian yapıyor. buyur da delirme... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6cq56mkczq
grace slick'in the great society ile birlikte cikardigi collector's item albumunun son parcasi. bu denli tribal, adam carpan bir album bitisi aklima gelmiyor su an. zaten kafa teneke gibi olmus album boyunca, agiz salya akitiyor uyusukluktan...yok yok, o son 6,5 dk'da orgazmik islere soyunmalari terbiyesizlik olmus, ayip kacmis.
aynı zamanda güzel bir the christians şarkısıdır. sözlerine de yazayım tam olsun; wait a minute let me speak, let me share the grief that lies behind your smile. there's people turning bad feeling sad, misunderstanding, and the world's going mad. you watch tv, and you shake your tortured head. and i watch the world, and i really think we might be better off. father, you've been a long time so lonely, hear me now, father, you've got a stake in my soul, so console me. i need it now, we need it now. genocide reveals the foulest swoop, the sweetest lips received the soured fruit again, a killer swears he's just a thief, a thief declares he's just a victim of kinds. and i watch the world, and there really isn't more to life than dying. father, you've been a long time so lonely, hear me now, father, you've got a stake in my soul, so console me i need it now, we need it now.
ing. baba kimse yazmamış lan dur bi saniye.
brother and sister tell me how you feelin and i say mother tell me how you feelin father tell me how you feelin if you can't tell me how you feel i may say there will be no freedom one million miles away from home one million miles away from love one million times away from hope one million times away from god brother and sister tell me how you feelin and i say mother tell me how you feelin father tell me how you feelin if you can't tell me how you feel i may say: there will be no freedom one million miles away from home one million miles away from love one million times away from hope one million times away from god brother and sister tell me how you feelin and i say mother tell me how you feelin father tell me how you feelin if you can't tell me how you feel i may say: there will be no freedom şeklinde sözlere sahip aşmış anthony rother parçası. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nj9h2ofwnji
