ingilizce korku, korkmak..
stephen king'in muhtesem acronymlerine gore ise: face everything and recover ya da fuck everything and run
hellnation grubunun control albumunde yer alan sarkisi.* you want to make love illegal saying its unatural to feel this way the hatred you have is homophobia and you will never destroy feelings you dusguise your fear your insecurities your hatred what are you so afraid of bury your feelings down inside and let out your macho pride its your insecuritues you love to hide
(bkz: fear factory)
los angelesli punk grubu.
(bkz: peter fear)
lee ving in punk grubu sovlari siddet icerir. flea bir donem bu grupta calmistir
başrolünde mark wahlberg'in oynadığı harika gerilim filmi. spoiler ----------------------------------- önce sevimli görünüp sonradan psikopatların psikopatı olduğu ortaya çıkan bi genci canlandırmakta marky bu filmde. ----------------------------------- spoiler
(bkz: primal fear)
(bkz: the fear)
bir adet gorefest sarkisi. erase albumunden. (bkz: gorefest)
(bkz: fear of bliss)
mercyful fate’in dead again albümünün 8. parçası. in the mirror...i have seen him and he scares me the creature...behind the mask i wear i know his name is fear in the mirror...he's looking back at me i have to face him every day and i know him not so well, his name is fear so deep within, yet so far away i...wonder, will he always stay stay so deep within, deep within my soul and i know him not so well, his name is fear the man...in the mirror, he scares me for i know him not so well the creature...behind the mask i wear i know his name is fear in the mirror...it's not my eyes i see but they are always there i cannot let it show. no one must ever know the horror that lies so deep within tucked away beneath my skin and it scares me, yes it scares me so deep within, yet so far away i...wonder, will he always stay stay so deep within, deep within my soul and i know him not so well, his name is fear [solo: wead] no man...nor any book, will ever teach me what i need to know no man...nor any book, will ever teach me what i'm longing for only the creature...living inside of me could show me the meaning of life i cannot let it show. no one must ever know the horror that lies so deep within tucked away beneath my skin and it scares me, yes it scares me
master yoda'ya göre, öfke'ye, oradan nefrete, oradan da acı çekmeye sürükleyen olgu
bon jovi'nin keep the faith isimli albumunde bulunan bir parca. i see you looking over your shoulder tell me who do you think's out there you're reaching for your four leaf clover but baby there ain't no luck down there i swear that there's no heart in this city it's here the slogan reads "do your time" everybody's doing their sentence it's just there ain't nobody here who knows just what's the crime i watched my father live a lie here i'd rather die than fade away i read the rules and yeah i know them still you ain't ever gonna make me play the game of fear fear fear fear running with the rats through the city makes you feel like you're a partner in crime girl once you won't stop to watch that little girl did hey baby won't you stop and hear me just being here we're breathing heart attacks we can run and chase the setting sun we can run and we won't ever look back take my hand i know we'll make it i'll let nothing slow us down i know you want to curse this place but there's only one thing that's stopping us now fear fear fear of a new thing fear fear fear of the brass ring you ain't one for taking chances you work and live and breathe that 9 to 5 still that's what you call living that's surviving to me and surviving is living to die in fear
primal fear "black sun" albümünde yer alan harika parça. fear (dogs of war) centuries of blood and war the world is on its knees empty heart, fanatic brain incurable disease unfounded and senseless hate is poisoning your nation you live in sin, you're spilling blood your soiling god's creation don't be mad, don't be insane no one of you will remain living in a battle dogs of war living in a battle you have to fight - no more living in a battle - have you heard living in a battle fear is a four-letter word fighting for shady ideals your god commands to kill you're cheering in self-confidence but you will pay the bill you're terrorizing peaceful men therefore you'll find damnation the only thing you have to do is to await your annihilation don't be mad, don't be insane no one of you will remain living in a battle dogs of war living in a battle you have to fight - no more living in a battle - have you heard living in a battle fear is a four-letter word
royal hunt'ın 1999 yılında çıkardığı ve kanımca dünyadaki sayılı mükemmel "progressive metal" albümlerinden biri: john west vocals andre andersen keyborad jacob kjaer guitars steen mogensen bass fear faces of war cold city lights lies follow me voices sea of time
royal hunt'ın "fear" albümünde yer alan mükemmel ötesi parça: fear daylight is waving goodbye darkness is here throwing sand in your eye what can you do, where can you hide? i just wonder light in your room's turning red ready to find monsters under your bed dreams just fall apart chill from the inside is touching your heart round and round wind of time's gonna follow you round and round stealing year after year every night it will overpower you every night - face your fear build your illusions to last mercyless time's gonna turn them to dust over the years just look what all of us've done one to another as god to his son thousands of tricks up it's sleave playing with you like a wind with the leaf making you scream every day: "take me down - just take me away!"
gaelce : cim
(bkz: no fear)
yeterince cesur olursaniz bir ejderhanin gozlerinde bile gorebilirsiniz..*
disturbed in asmis sarkilarindan biri
zakk wylde'ın ortasında kopup şarkının sonuna kadar aramıza dönmediği, just killing time'a çok yakın eseri. the sun that's set on our souls all that's lost as the day is old when the truth becomes one big lie so low you never know when you're high and you thought that you knew it all think again, in the end we all fall when the truth becomes one big lie so low you never know when you're high oh, back home oh, the fear of being alone the floors that rattle and shake through my head the doors that slam that wake me in bed when the truth becomes one big lie so low you never know when you're high oh, back home oh, the fear of being alone
fear is like a shadow of a candle burning behind as, casting its flame on the wall. it get's bigger as you go away from it and get's smaller as you approach. [frelin]
(bkz: f e a r)
lee ving, andrew jaimez, richard presley, mondo lopez kadrosudur. müzikleri iyidir hoştur fakat nedense vokal pek bir kaba ve kötüdür. bazı şarkıları aklınızdan çıkmazken bazı şarkılarınıda dinleyince lan aynı adamlarmı yapmış bu şarkıyı dersiniz.
f.e.a.r açılımı aşağıdaki gibidir: f - false e- evidence a- appearing r - real false evidence appearing real "gerçek gibi görünen yanlış ifade/kanıt" diye de çevrilebilir. fobilerin mantığını (ya da mantıksızlığını) açıklayacı güzel bir tariftir.
ron hubbard'ın psikolojik korku romanı adını verdiği kitabının ismidir aynı zamanda..stephen king'in 'kan dondurucu bir hikaye' diye adlandırdığı bu kitap,korku kitaplarını seven ve takip eden bana çok fazla birşey ifade edememiştir..bu tarz sevenlerede edebileceğini pek sanmam..
tematik bir clint mansell parçası. yalnız başına dinlendiğinde gerçekten korku verebilir bu açıdan çok başarılıdır.
disturbed grubunun sağlam şarkılarından biri.. sözleri şöyledir: he's on it again. huh huh huh huh huh huh he's on it again. huh huh huh huh huh huh he's on it again. huh huh huh huh huh huh he's on it again. huh huh huh huh huh huh reject are you no one feel you nothing you know i'll bet you think you have a good reason to be living in the limelight of the fortunate ones you're too weakened by the poison that they feed you in the living lie they don't believe you carr to no one trust in nothing little impotent one i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't wanna be innocent, you know i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't want to let them hypnotize me punk ass, are you listening can you hear me or are you deaf and dumb to my language do the real words seem to hurt you well put 'em up motherfucker you'll feel it when i stamp it on your forehead so you will never forget that you're a reject and you're a no one and you're nothing little impotent one i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't wanna be innocent, you know i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't want to let them hypnotize me i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't want innocence, you know i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't want to let them hypnotize me fear awaken go with it now and let it overcome you fear awaken your mind is racing i don't understand why you don't like me why don't you like me? am i so different from you now does it scare you that i'm able to discern what to love and what to burn i'll add your fuel to the fire now stand back, brother take your hand back leave it and i might crack more than a smile or two you see don't judge what you don't understand you can't deny what has been given to me i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't wanna be innocent, you know i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't want to let them hypnotize me i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't want innocence, you know i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't wanna be i don't want to let them hypnotize me fear awaken go with it now and let it overcome you fear awaken go with it now go with it now your fear awaken go with it now and let it overcome you fear awaken your mind is racing erasing no. hey reject, are you no one, feel you nothing you know, i bet you think you have a good reason to be living in the limelight of the fortunate ones ya know
sade - promise albümü güzellerinden, tekdüzeliğin güzelliği, blue is the color that she feels inside... blue is the color of the red sky will he, will he come home tonite blue is the color that she feels inside matador, i can't hide my fear anymore azul es el color del rojo cielo volvera volvera a mi esta noche azul es el color que siente a dentro matador no puedo esconder mi temor can she tame the beast that is her fear puede domar la fiera que es su temor waiting for her matador will they bring the bad news blue is the color that she feels inside matador i can't hide my fear anymore azul es el color del rojo cielo volvera, volvera a mi esta noche azul es el color que siente a dentro matador no puedo esconder mi temor
bir de rage'in ghosts albümünde var böyle bir parça... favorim degil ama fena parça da degil... what's this look inside my eyes this haunted creature, me what's this thing there in my back so strong but not to see why is it that we're drowning in pain? there's nothing evil here to stay but fear in ourselves there's not a chance to find our way with fear in ourselves we're possessed to take control to rule our world of sin lower you to lift me up i cannot trust within why is it that we're drowning in hate? there's nothing evil here to stay but fear in ourselves there's not a chance to find our way with fear in ourselves with fear in ourselves... there's nothing evil in this world but fear in ourselves
bolca fearrrr fuckkk youu naralari atan, attiran leziz bi mudvayne sarkisi (bkz: gaz sarkilar)
sigortacılıkta, sigortalının korkuya düşerek yapacağı masrafları sigortacıdan alamayacağı anlamında kullanılır. örneğin: geminin tehlikeli bir duruma düşeceğinden korkarak, kaptanın bir sığınma yapması hiç bir zaman bir büyük avarya konusu olamaz.
(bkz: first encounter assault recon)
ayreon'un the human equation albümünde mikael akerfeldt tarafından canlandırılan karakter.
ian brown'dan yazilmasi oldukca zor bir sarki , akrostij cumle olmaz diyenlere cevap verir bu sarki. ahanda sözleri : for each a road for everyman a religion find everybody and rule fuck everything and rumble forget everything and remember for everything a reason forgive everybody and remember for each a road for everyman a religion face everybody and rule f*** everything and rumble forget everything and remember for everything a reason you got the fear you got the fear you got the fear you got the fear you got the fear f.e.a.r. (you got the fear) f.e.a.r. (you got the fear) f.e.a.r. (you got the fear) f.e.a.r. (you got the fear) finding eternity arouses reactions freeing excellence affects reality fallen empires are ruling find earth and reap fantastic expectations amazing revelations final execution and resurrection free expression as revolution finding everything and realizing you got the fear you got the fear you got the fear you got the fear you got the fear f.e.a.r. (you got the fear) f.e.a.r. (you got the fear) f.e.a.r. (you got the fear) f.e.a.r. (you got the fear) (fantastic expectations amazing revelations finding everyone and reuniting for everything a reason) f.e.a.r. (you got the fear) f.e.a.r. (you got the fear) f.e.a.r. (you got the fear) f.e.a.r. (you got the fear) you got the fear you got the fear you got the fear you got the fear
saw 2 filminin soundtrack albümünde bulunan bi london after midnight şarkısı.
(bkz: böyle bir yazar aslında yok)
gorefest'in erase albümünün dördüncü parçası. kinda alone with a friend called fear locked up in a world that's called your life talking to walls that close in on you not able to run you are frozen inside rest in your misery never to escape it all has its reasons it's all been arranged on from day one thrown onto this world born in sin being the silent one fear fear of life of death hiding your fantasies deep down inside they're never to see the light of day the scales of balance you have in your head are tipped against you the burden you bear fear of life fear of life fight fight for life for pride refuse - never crawl breathe - and you will win shame - no such thing no burden - is called sin fight fight for life for pride refuse - never crawl breathe - and you will win shame - no such thing no burden - is called sin hiding your fantasies deep down inside they're never to see the light of day the scales of balance you have in your head are tipped against you the burden you bear fear of life fear of life
"sometimes i do have fears" diyen bir cocugun titrek sesiyle baslayan sia sarkisi. korkmak hakkinda yazilmis her satiri toplayip ikiyle carpsak elde edilebileceklerin bes dakikada sia tarafindan zaten zamaninda soylenmis oldugunu gorup takdir etmek mumkun. oyle muazzam bi muzikalite efendiler. "there is usually one thing that keeps us off track/it is fear, it is fear, it is fear" my mother's afraid of the subway it's a living bad dream i hold her hand as the doors close and she pales and stifles a scream ali's afraid of ad-libbing of improvising at jams she is not very happy right now and spends all her money on grams ade is afraid of commitment so carla dumped him today she is very disappointed she was hoping he'd beg her to stay ayo he just wants a girlfriend he's afraid of dying alone he doesn't go out very much sits at home a lot getting stoned you see fear is only holding us back look closely amongst all your peeps there is usually one thing that keeps us off track it is fear, it is fear, it is fear ella is worried about her weight she won't eat in public anymore she is fucking her ex again when they've finished she sleeps on the floor nate has a heart of gold but give it away he will not his mother abandoned him at ten it's a pain he has never forgot mary's afraid of herself her sentences often cut half she will never give her own opinion she's afraid that people might laugh and i am afraid of sharks i will not swim out past my head and sometimes i worry my boyfriend will die my first love is already dead you see fear is only holding us back look closely amongst all your peeps there is usually one thing that keeps us off track it is fear, it is fear, it is fear you see fear is only holding us back look closely amongst all your peeps there is usually one thing that keeps us off track it is fear, it is fear, it is fear candy is having a baby she fears she will be like her mom her friends say relax take a deep breath and march to a different drum sachas afraid of her marco she think's that it's all her fault but if he did what he does to a stranger he'd be locked up and charged with assault you see fear is only holding us back look closely amongst all your peeps there is usually one thing that keeps us off track it is fear, it is fear, it is fear
basrollerinde mark wahlberg,reese witherspoon ve william petersenin oynadığı dun gecenin bi yarısı televizyonda askın hedesi falan gibi iğrenc bi isimle izlediğim insanı geren daha ne kadar psikopat olabilir yauw dedirten basarısız bi film
(bkz: fear of the dark)
pek bi tatli paddey casey parcasi, tipik pazartesi parcalari vardir seed'in mesela ding veya next'i gibi. keyifleri maximum seviyeye getirir. bu da onlardan biri. sozlerini de yazayim demi. i'm scared for my child, lord, for her mother for what you people wanna do to one another for the water, for the trees -- man, i'm scared of pollution, of disease and i'm scared that my child won't live a long time with your murderin', rape and your drug money crime; scared of the drugs stealing youth from the young. well their life story; well that'll never be sung and i pray my child lives happy and long, and i hope she never will sing this song and i pray, my child, live happy and long, lord and i hope she never will sing this song well as some men talk of peace now -- good intentions. i'm only gonna look at his latest inventions. hope i'm wrong, heard i'm right -- man he could end it all tonight. i know upon this night another village is burning; child lose their life as their first sun is turning; leaders of holocaust stand so tall; man it looks like there ain't no value in life at all... well i pray my child will live happy and long, lord, and i hope she never will sing this song so lord please forgive me if my fear offend now -- it's just so hard to transcend now cause when i ran away from my bad dream the child inside was too scared and screamed
master yoda buyurmuş ki: "fear is the path to the dark side. fear leads to anger. anger leads to hate. hate leads to suffering"
uzerinden aylar gecse bile, ozletip kendini yine dinlettiren parcadir. muzigi olsun sozleri olsun, harika (bkz: olmu$larindan)
2007 çıkışlı a lullaby for the devil albümünden bir dead soul tribe parçası.. now we're staring at the water through a window from the sky as the hands of the clock count away the day sun light softly glows do you know that i fear this ride? even though that is why i'm still alive do you know? every time i say good bye i feel so all alone but i know i'll be coming home i'm taking a ride on a carousel i've tossed a coin in a wishing well i'm taking a ride on a carousel and it keeps on turning welcome to my world welcome to my world welcome to my world welcome to my world now we're staring at the mountains through a window on the highway like the picture in a hotel ever changing still somehow much the same do you know that i fear this ride? i know that it's why i'm still alive i'm taking a ride on a carousel i've tossed a coin in a wishing well i'm taking a ride on a carousel and it keeps on turning
1996 yapımı z tipi gerilim filmidir. sonradan ayrı ayrı kulvarlarda voliyi vuracak reese witherspoon ve mark wahlberg ikilisinin çıtırlık yıllarında rol aldıkları; "kızının bekaretini bozan zibidiyi camdan atan baba" konseptli bir hollywood faciasıdır. wahlberg zıpkın gibidir, witherspoon etine dolgundur.
heaven and hell'in 09 çıkışlı the devil you know'unun güzelliklerinden biri.. ahan da sözleri: if you've never heard before there was once a time when only god had fire the moon and stars and nothing more to lead you through the night if there's a hell and satan had a daughter he must have sent her here to hide the flame we're still afraid must be he taught her so well we've seen some light so why's it all the same chorus: superstition - go away we wear the mark fear there's a corner of the mind with a door that always opens up at sundown and what's inside is to remind you to hide from eyes that shine we ran until we found we had the power illuminate the world and make it burn we're still afraid must be that door in your brain you've seen some light and you pray it will return chorus if there's a hell and satan sent his daughter she must have gotten lost and can't go home we're still afraid and he can't find her again we've seen some light but it will always be the same chorus: evilution go away we still share the mark fear
türkiye de martı yayınlarından kuşku adıyla çıkan jef abbott kitabı. sürükleyici kitap okuyorum diyenler jeff abbott okumadan aynı cümleyi tekrar kurmamalılar. bir benzeri için (bkz: panic)
jeff abbott'tan olma bir şahaser kitap. durup nefes almaya zaman yok, sürekli okuma isteği var. yalnız sona yaklaştıkça da insanda ikilem yaratmıyor değil. bir yandan deli gibi merak ederken, diğer yandan keyfini çıkarmak için daha yavaş okumayı düşündürüyor. ağırdan ağırdan.. ben pek yapamadım maalesef hemen bitirdim. diyaloglara dikat ama!! yavaş geçmek yada bikaç kez okumak şart. tadına varmak lazım..
evergrey'in torn albümünden bir şarkı. sözlerini de yaza...neyse: i have forsaken you and all i ever felt was true to take that step and fall to aim beyond these walls with hope that the stars align to get a glimpse of my goal defined i stare the eyes of my biggest fear swallow pride i'll persevere i fear my heart fear my soul i fear i'm weak i'm fearing you i fear the cold that the world is yours that i drown your shores i fear i'm wrong that i don't belong i fear the cold all nights of fallen grace all nights where i lost the trace all i need is that single hour where all doubt's erased if i could i'd crown myself each day if i could i'd let myself know i'm okay if i could i'd throw myself into the flames but i fear my heart fear my soul i fear i'm weak i'm fearing you i fear the cold that the world is yours that i drown your shores i fear i'm wrong that i don't belong i fear the cold i wish for dreamless sleep for something that will keep all thought silent all screams of inner fear makes control impossible tears me open if i could i'd crown myself each day if i could i'd let myself know i'm okay if i could i'd throw myself into the flames but i fear my heart fear my soul i fear i'm weak, i fear i'm wrong i fear the cold that the world is yours that i drown your shores i fear i'm wrong and i fear the cold
bir richie kotzen şarkısı. i shut the door and promising the shallow word that suffocates the air there's always hope but then your never there what can i do to forget that i'm breaking and i fear that i've finally reached the end and i feel like i'm gone again, gone again fear, i know its never gonna end and i feel like i'm going down, going down, breaking im alone no matter where i am the shadow led me to my own distress here i go into the black again but you wont hear me when im waking with the dead my mind tricked my mind and my soul sold my soul my heart broke my heart and i'm wasted and i'm wasted throught my fear
the record adlı başka bir dünyanın başyapıtının sahibi. jon belushi'nin favorisi. los angeles'ın gururu. new york'tan hazetmeyen adamlar topluluğu. saturday night live'ı parça pinçik etmişlikleri vakadır. new york's alright if you like saxophones dediler. bir de şunu; i've seen an old man have a heart attack in manhattan well he died while we just stood there lookin' at him ain't he cute? i don't care about you fuck you i see man rollin' drunks bodies in the streets some man was sleepin' in puke and a man with no legs crawling down 5th street trying to get something to eat i don't care about you fuck you..
the record albümleri bu dünya için fazla iyi olan gruplardan. sene 82, dünyada küçük ian'ın doğumunu kutlama şenlikleri sürerken, los angeles'ta bir grup punk tarihinin en müthiş anlarından bazılarını kaydediyordu. kafa boyamakla punk olunacağını zannedenler vardı. bir de punk'ın ne olduğuna kafası basmayan bir sürü lavuk. sonra şöyle şeyler oldu; my house smells just like a zoo it's chock full of shit and puke cockroaches on the walls crabs are crawling on my balls oh, but i'm so clean cut i just want to fuck some slut i love living in the city i love living in the city spent my whole life in the city where junk is king and the air smells shitty people puking everywhere piles of blood, scabs and hair bodies wasted in defeat people dying on the streets but suburban scumbags they don't care they just get fat and dye their hair i love living in the city i love living in the city..
