hypocrisy nin into the abyss adlı albümünden bir şarkı
(bkz: smoke on the water)
(bkz: fire in the hole) (bkz: fire in the ass hole)
(bkz: asses of fire)
saxon'nın "denim and leather" albümünde yer alan ötesi parçası. fire in the sky there's a fire in the sky there's a feeling in the air when the ground starts to tremble the first attack is here you won't stand a chance when the missiles start to fly they never tell the people till the holocaust is here when the fire's in the sky you'll be running for your lives when the fire's in the sky prepare yourselves to die where, where are the shelters they said they would be there you'll need, need some protection from the radiation flare don't, don't start a panic it won't do you no good you'll just have to wait for the end of all mankind if you're near the point of impact there's nowhere you can run if the heatwave don't get you the shockwave surely will there won't be no more heroes there's no one left to fight it's the end of our planet we'd commit eternal sight when the fire's in the sky you'll be running for your lives when the fire's in the sky prepare yourselves to die when the fire's in the sky you'll be running for your lives when the fire's in the sky prepare yourselves to die to die, to die, to die ...
(bkz: fire in the head)
yngwie malmsteen "magnum opus" albümünde yer alan harika parça. fire in the sky if you play with fire you'll get burned it's such a shame even when you try you'll never learn to tame the flames like the demon's eye watching over me relentlessly you have got no wings but you have always tried to fly your soul is burning up like a fire in the sky some say i've been had, and that's too bad i know they're wrong some say i've gone mad, and that's too sad i'm much too strong like the demon's eye watching over me relentlessly you have got no wings but you have always tried to fly your soul is burning up like a fire in the sky you're not living what you're preaching and you're not a priest you're not living, you are leeching, living like a beast i feel fine although you give me hell i don't mind i'm your golden mine you know so well let me shine like the demon's eye watching over me relentlessly you have got no wings but you have always tried to fly your soul is burning up like a fire in the sky you're not living what your preaching and you're not a priest you're not living, you are leeching, living like a beast
hem kitap, hem film. kitap travis walton tarafından yazılmış olup, onun uzaylılar tarafından kaçırılış hikayesini anlatır. paramount pictures da bu hikayeden çok etkilenerek "gel abi sana bi film çekelim" demiştir ve aynı kitabı aynı isimle filme uyarlamıştır.
(bkz: skyfire)
esasli bir bilim-kurgu degil, daha çok televizyon için çekilmis, nispeten iyi denebilecek bir b-movie. x-files'in herhangi bir bölümü alinmis da sündürülmüs gibi. ama örnegin ufo'da geçen ameliyat sahneler iyi, ekibin üzerindeki esrar perdesi de oldukça sürükleyici. yine de oyuncularindan midir, renklerinden midir yoksa amerikan güneyinin kro insanlarindan midir nedir bir türlü "güzel bir film" siniflamasina giremiyor.
88 tarihli no rest for the wicked albümünden olağanüstüfevkalademüthişmanyakduygusalslowokuokubokvar ozzy osbourne şarkısı: yandım aneyy.. the introduction to his heartache began as a child so it's no wonder that he grew up to be so wild so he protected his feelings in walls he imagined but castles crumble, exposing the frightened child fire in the sky can't you see that all my castles are burning? fire in the sky won't you help me now, my castles are burning in solitude he couldn't deal with his own existence the burning questions in the castles have still remained god only knows how he searched in vain for the answers now castles crumble, exposing his naked flames, yeah fire in the sky can't you see that all my castles are burning? fire in the sky won't you help me now, my castles are burning fire in the sky can't you see that all my castles are burning? fire in the sky won't you help me now, my castles are burning fire in the sky can't you see that all my castles are burning? fire in the sky won't you help me now, my castles are burning fire in the sky can't you see that all my castles are burning? fire in the sky won't you help me now, my castles are burning
john butler trio'dan yine oynak, eğlenceli bir türküdür. ayruca vermeye çalıştığı mesajla gönüllerimizi fethetmiştir. grand national albümlerinde bulunmakta. fire in the sky out of the blue and into the red depths, time for you and i to try and fall asleep in the bed they've made us, all came crumbl'n down tears in our eyes as it rained confusion the whole world has changed i don’t understand how one can kill a man in the name peace, that’s ridiculous they say eye for an eye so they fire from the sky and they come out of nowhere time for you and i to turn on the big screen see what’s happnen' and as those children die, pawns in the game of collateral damage, the whole world goes mad standing here on quick sand, the more we fight we sink and vengeance gives us hope, at least that what we think, at least that what we think cause as we make amends by getting our revenge, we sort nothing out, just add to the doubt and with god on both sides, if death is justified, whatever the name, then we're all to blame so as the spirits fly, to honor those who've past, we've got to get along, while the time still last bury the hatchet deep so we all can weep and heal all this pain so,so we can live again, so,so we can live again 'cos as we make amends by getting our revenge, we sort nothing out, just add to the doubt and god on both sides, if death is justified, whatever the name, then we're all to blame but i don’t understand how one can kill a man in the name peace, that’s ridiculous but i understand that i will defend my family from both sides of misery
fire on board isimli air crash investigation bölümünün abd'deki ismi.
hypocrisy nin 2000 yılı çıkışlı into the abyss albümünün 6. parçasıdır. ayrıca hypocrisy ile tanışma parçam olduğu için her daim ayrı bir yeri vardır bende. orta tempo ilerler ama parçanın girişindeki yırtıcı çığlık, arka plandaki klavye melodisi ve 03:03-03:58 arasındaki deki korosal kısım, hatta o kısımdan sonra haşırt diye parçaya geri giriş fln bitirir adamı. running from the shadow.. diye başlayan nakaratı tüyler ürpertir. dinlemekten asla sıkılmayacağın bir parça söyle deseler hiç tereddüt etmeden fire in the sky ulan derim. evet ulanı da eksik etmem, derim. 2000 yılında nuclear blast festival kapsamında kaydedilmiş canlı bir versiyonu var. gitar tonu albüm versiyonundakinden daha koyu olduğu için daha çok severim. o korosal kısım diye salladığım kısım burada daha belirgin. haşırt girişten önce de her yer kararıyor beyle. off anam off ; http://www.youtube.com/…mytq10bdalu&feature=related
(bkz: space truckin/#26549639)
