pembe bir karalama (pembeleme midir) olan helnwein eseri. sadece ic camasiri giymis bir bayan, ocakta duran ve kapagini actigi tencereye silahini dogrultmaktadir. olaylar durur.
hatta evet: http://www.helnwein.com/werke/papier/bild_987.html
samuel beckett'in yarı otobiyografik bir öyküsü. adı üstünde, karakter ilk aşkını anlatırken bir yandan da babasıyla hesaplaşıyor.
(bkz: second love)
(bkz: first love last rites)
(bkz: ilk aşk)
bir utada hikaru şarkısı saigo no kisu wa ka ba tabako no flavor ga shita nigakute setsunai kaori ashita no imagoro ni wa anata wa doko ni irun darou dare wo omotterun darou you are always gonna be my love itsuka darekato mata koi ni ochitemo i'll remember to love you taught me how you are always gonna be the one ima wa mada kanashii love love songu atarashii uta utaeru made tachidomaru jikan ga ugoki dasouto shiteru wasuretakunai kotobakari ashita no imagoro niwa watashi wa kitto naite iru anatawo omotterun darou you will always be inside my heart itsumo anata dake no basho ga aru kara i hope that i have a place in your heart too now and forever you are still the one ima wa mada kanashii love love song atarashii uta utaeru made you are always gonna be my love itsuka darekato mata koi ni ochitemo i'll remember to love you taught me how you are always gonna be the one mada kanashii love love song now and forever
uffie şarkısı. you'll have to say you were the section of my magazine you blew my mind like noone of the human kind you were the only one i could ever speak this secret language between us and the sheets you made my mind and body so hot you sent this wild child into a lady by night and when i met you long ago i was so alone my heart was beating so fast i had to write this song and it goes you make me feel so beautiful it's like the sun is always shining when you are in control you are my mr. mystery and there's no way i can explain the way you make me feel late night lovin' on your balcony i'm feelin lovely at the knees who thought that would be me you lift me up to where i wanna be you make everything so clear i can finally see you are the one that i always think about my first love that i made this song about you know me well and you always make me feel like i'm the one and i know your love is real i love it when you whisper in my ear you say the sweetest things that i wanted to hear i never thought i could feel this way and when i leave you in the morning i think of you all day i feel so peaceful after we make love i'll lay with you forever just like the sweetest joint and the whole world around us stops and stares it feels so good to fall asleep knowing that you are there come on you make me feel so beautiful it's like the sun is always shining when you are in control you are my mr. mystery and there's no way i can explain the way that you make me feel and when you left me out this day i thought you will come back anyway you don't but that's ok i ain't gonna fall i gotta get up and roll that's the way you want it and i won't help it i'm off to search new love with my chance i might find better i can make sure you will only bitter and with the time you don't have to say it damn i wonder why i broke up with that fuckin chick now i'm wasting all of this time lookin for girls to hit you are the one that i always think about my first love that i made this song about you know me well and you always make me feel like i'm the one and i know your love is real i'm so alone, i can get her phone, i can call her back and ask her to take me back girl: hello? guy: it's, it's me girl: yea so? guy: i made a huge mistake girl: uh huh yea you did you don't
bunu yaşan bunları da yaşadı: (bkz: first strike is deadly) (bkz: first cut is the deepest)
aslı $öyledir: first, love... her$eyin ilki, a$k.. a$k ilk ve birinci kural..
cok cok cok guzel bir the maccabees sarkisi. colur it in albumunde bulunur. first love, last love only love, it's only love first love, last love only love, it's only love do you miss home? do you miss home? and are you cool? symmetrical? oh oh oh let's get married and tick the boxes oh lets get married and tick the boxes do you wanna be alone? do you wanna be alone? and are you cool? symmetrical, analytical hypocritical so critical nothing's perfect; i'm hoping i'll do oh nothing's perfect; i'm hoping i'll do my mistake and no mistake and i would take it back if i could so stay with me tonight i'll make my bed, i'll lie in it enticing with its leopard print i'll make my bed, i'll lie in it enticing with its leopard print and matching velvet duvet first love, last love only love, it's only love first love, last love only love, it's only love it's only love (x3)
bir de guzel klibi olan the maccabees sahaseri. sozleri dilime yapismis olan sarki. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvr8dguw0cw do you miss home? and are you cool? symmetrical? analytical? hypocritical? so critical? oh oh oh.. let's get married.. oh yeaaah...!
klibin 35. saniyesinde felix denen elemanin "do you miss home?" derken nasil tatli bir insan oldugunu insanin gozune sokan the maccabees sarkisi. ama, sari hatun cok gereksiz olmus. cook cool bu adamlar!
adele'in bir $arkısı; so little to say but so much time despite my empty mouth the words are in my mind please wear the face the one where you smile because you lighten up my heart when i start to cry forgive me first love but i'm tired i need to get away to feel again try to understand why don't get so close to change my mind please wipe that look out of your eyes it's bribing me to doubt myself simply, it's tiring this love has dried up and stayed behind and if i stay i'll be alive then choke on words i'd always hide excuse me first love but we're through i need to taste the kiss from someone knew forgive me first love but i'm too tired i'm bored to say the least and i i lack desire forgive me first love (4x) forgive me forgive me first love (2x)
çok ama çok tatlı bir klibe sahiptir.. http://www.facebook.com/…php?v=1180315362669&ref=mf
emmy the great'in albümüyle aynı ismi taşıyan süfer şarkısı. sözleri de şöyledir ki nasıl yazılmaz anlamadım doğrusu. i remember how we met but your name i forget like the door that i have kept unopened i remember it was wet and the swelter and the sweat and the shelter of the bed we were cloaked in you were stroking me like a pet but you didn't own me yet and the tape in the cassette deck was choking spat out a broken hallelujah but i've seen the way the earth throws its aces with a curve you were waiting for the words to come to yer. just to say that you prefer to be lonely to be cursed and to do the very worst you can do. yeah i remember you like a verse that i didn't want to learn i just looked into your eyes and i knew yer. now the thought of you is burnt on my body from the first time you did rewind that line from hallelujah. the original leonard cohen version. well i wish i never met you that day you said i have a room and music to play i have a room let me show you the way i wish that i'd never come but now that i have, i would do it again i would forget like i'd piss on a grave i would forget like i'd piss on a grave that the words as they came to my tongue were hallelujah. hallelujah! and the sky was so much bluer hallelujah! hallelujah! and the world was so much newer. you said i have a room at the top of the stairs i have a room with a view i know we all have a cross that we bear and i'd like to show it to you. and you left me in the light and you met me in the light and we only had a night between the two. you were waiting for the worst you were listening for a curse but the only thing i heard was hallelujah. hallelujah! hallelujah! and the sky was so much bluer hallelujah! hallelujah! and the world was so much newer. you said i have a room at the top of the stairs. i have a room with a view. i know we all have a cross that we bear and i'd like to give it to you. and i won't forget how the sky was set i said i have a place to go back to. la la la i will have you yet i will carry you there if i have to. no i won't forget no i won't. no i won't forget no i won't no i won't forget no i won't no i won't forget no.
radyo eksen'in katkıları ile hayatıma giren, ritimleri ile lise günlerine gitmemi sağlayan, the maccabees'in enfes şarkısıdır.
güzel bir kokteyl. 2/3 oz şampanya 1/3 oz cin 1 tatlı kaşığı şeker şurubu 2 dash vişne likörü heering yarısına değin küp buz dolu shaker'a şampanya, cin, şeker şurubu ve heering dökün. iyice çalkalayın, bir kokteyl bardağına süzüp servise/içime hazır edin.
