1996 yapimi bir david russell filmi. evlat edinilmis bir adam (ben stiller), gercek anne babasini bulmak uzere yola cikar. olaylar gelisir. ayrica, (bkz.: patricia arquette), (bkz.: tea leoni).
turkcemize ''buyuk ask, buyuk bela''olarak cewrilmiş,we bugun itibarilen seyredilip kusulan gercek bir disaster...
(bkz: beautiful disaster)
1979 tarihli acayip "gaz" bir molly hatchet şarkısı. şarkının yer aldığı albümün adı da flirting with disaster. (bkz: molly hatchet)
super sarki. the dukes of hazzardin soundtrackinda bulunmuslugu da vardir. lynard skynyrd soyluyor zannettim ilk dinledigimde. southern rock tarzinda. im travelin down the road, im flirtin with disaster. ive got the pedal to the floor, my life is running faster. im out of money, im out of hope, it looks like self destruction. well how much more can we take, with all of this corruption. been flirtin with disaster, yall know what i mean. and the way we run our lives, it makes no sense to me. i dont know about yourself or, what you want to be - yeah. when we gamble with our time, we choose our destiny. chorus: im travelin down that lonesome road. feel like im dragging a heavy load. yeah! ive tried to turn my head away, feels about the same most every day. speeding down the fast lane, playin from town to town. the boys and i have been burnin it up, cant seem to slow it down. ive got the pedal to the floor, our lives are runnin faster, got our sights set straight ahead, but aint sure what were after. flirtin with disaster, yall know what i mean. you know the way we run our lives, it makes no sense to me. i dont know about yourself or, what you plan to be - yea!! when we gamble with our time, we choose our destiny. chorus: yeah!! were travelin down that lonesome road. feel like im dragging a heavy load. dont try to turn my head away, im flirtin with disaster every day. flirtin with disaster, baby, yall know what i mean. you know the way we run our lives, it makes no sense to me. i dont know about yourself or, what you plan to be - yea!! when we gamble with our time, we choose our destiny. chorus: yeah!! were travelin down that lonesome road. feel like im dragging a heavy load. dont try to turn my head away, im flirtin with disaster every day.
ben stiller'a hiç yakıştıramadığım kötü bir film.
aynı zamanda beverly hills 90210 altıncı sezon yirmi altıncı bölümünün adı.
aynı zamanda family matters sekizinci sezon yirmi birinci bölümünün adı.
