ingilizce vidyo kesitli egitim serisi... bunun bir dizisinden bir biranin yada icecegin reklamini yapiyorlardi... neydi bu biranin ismi? (30 puan)
savatage'in aşmış yarmış şarkılarından biri.
çok komik bir reklam idi fiasco reklamı. bi de arthur diye bi eleman vardı kızın birine aşıktı da kız kıvırcık saçlı bi herife kapılmıştı, sonra o herifin hırsız olduunu öörenmiştik.te heeeey.
eskilerden gayet hoş bir john denver şarkısı, olivia newton john bile coverlamıştır zamanında. it’s by far the hardest thing i’ve ever done to be so in love with you and so alone follow me where i go what i do and who i know make it part of you to be a part of me follow me up and down all the way and all around take my hand and say you’ll follow me it’s long been on my mind you know it’s been a long, long time i’ve tried to find the way that i can make you understand the way i feel about you and just how much i need you to be there where i can talk to you when there’s no one else around follow me where i go what i do and who i know make it part of you to be a part of me follow me up and down all the way and all around take my hand and say you’ll follow me you see i’d like to share my life with you and show you things i’ve seen places that i’m going to places where i’ve been to have you there beside me and never be alone and all the time that you’re with me we will be at home follow me where i go what i do and who i know make it part of you to be a part of me follow me up and down all the way take my hand and i will follow you
edge of thorns albumunde parcaya butunluk kazandiran "labyrinths" ve "exit music" adli iki nefis enstrumantal eser arasinda yer alir..
don't need the superheroes don't need the moviestars don't need the politicians in big black shiny cars don't need the preachers whose chuch is my tv. seklindeki lyricleriyle ve guzel melodileriyle beni benden alan savatage parcasi.
pat metheny'nin imaginary day albumunden. şaheser.mukemmel.diyecek fazla bişey yok dinlemek yeter.
uncle cracker sarkisi.. kelimesi kelimesine su sekilde: you don't know how you met me you don't know why, you can't turn around and say good-bye all you know is when i'm with you i make you free and swim through your veins like a fish in the sea i'm singing follow me everything is alright i'll be the one to tuck you in at night and if you want to leave i can guarantee you won't find nobody else like me don't worry 'bout the ring you wear just as long as no one knows then nobody can care your feelin guilty and i'm well aware but you don't look ashamed and baby i'm not scared i'm singing follow me everything is alright i'll be the one to tuck you in at night and if you want to leave i can guarantee you won't find nobody else like me won't give you money i can't give you the sky you're better off if you don't ask why i'm not the reason that you go astray we'll be alright if you don't ask me to stay follow me everything is alright i'll be the one to tuck you in at night and if you want to leave i can guarantee you won't find nobody else like me you don't know how you met me you don't know why, you can't turn around and say good-bye all you know is when i'm with you i make you free and swim through your veins like a fish in the sea i'm singing follow me everything is alright i'll be the one to tuck you in at night and if you want to leave i can guarantee you won't find nobody else like me follow me everything is alright i'll be the one to tuck you in at night and if you want to leave i can guarantee you won't find nobody else like me i'm singing follow me everything is alright i'll be the one to tuck you in at night and if you want to leave i can guarantee you won't find nobody else like me
park* etmeye calişan pilotlara gösterilen bir yazı obegi
gelen uçağa yol gösteren motorize araç.
cs de bir radyo mesajı. (bkz: need backup)
edge of thorns'un en iyi parçalarından biridir... hatta savatage'ın en iyi parçalarından biridir de denilebilir... i really want to know what you had in store i couldn't really tell perhaps was just as well i came here with a dream and i just had to see if my dream would soar i knocked on every door his whole life was written written there inside his new weekly bible the modern t.v. guide every night he stares back at the screen a man only sees what he wants to see when he's in his mind where he is what he wants to be living in a world where he's safe from reality won't you take a chance on this night child and follow me don't need no super heroes don't need no movie stars don't need no politicians in big black shiny cars don't need no cowboys smokin' marlboro cigarettes a man only sees what he wants to see when he's in his mind where he is what he wants to be living in a world where he's safe from reality won't you take a chance on this night and follow me once was a broken hero the kind that we all know the kind that hides inside us the kind we never show the kind we say that could never be me his whole life was written written there inside his new weekly bible the modern t.v. guide stare back at that screen a man only see what he wants to see
royal hunt'ın "fear" albümünde yer alan mükemmel parça,belki de "follow me" lerin en harikası: follow me if pictures could talk there'd be too many voices if sorrow could scream i'd be deaf in a day i beg my memories to slowly fade away too many voices if pain could've been seen there'd be too many faces wherever i'd go - i'd rather be blind and in the darkest night i'd loose my guiding light but you i'll find even if i'm blind follow me - but i don't know where i'm going follow me down the road to something new follow me - there's no other way of knowing what your heart is telling you i'm planting my hopes and i harvest illusions year after year - understood by a few sometimes it seems like i'm getting through to you but it's just an illusion i'm so afraid of loosing you but there's nothing i can do nothing i can do but my heart is calling you - follow me
solosu edge of thornsla beraber; criss olivanın rocker gençliğe armağanıdır..dinleyiniz feyz alınız. (bkz: ey distortiona reverb veren allahım)
antique isimli grubun da boyle bir sarkisi mevcuttur; oynaktir, poptur. here iam if u want to play cant u see its your lucky day u can get anything u want i dont care if its right or wrong every thing u like me to do i 'll do it and only for u lets escape reality now till tomorrow follow me lets be together cant u see im not for ever u and me can make it happen take your chance just come along and follow me i need u to mend my broken heart though i should tell u from the start cant u see i'd the minds before its up to me if i come back for more everything u like me to do i'll do it and only for u lets escape reality now till tomorrow follow me lets be together cant u see im not for ever u and me can make it happen take your chance just come along and follow me (x:2) every thing u like me to do i 'll do it and only for u lets escape reality till tomorrow follow me cant u see follow me cant u see follow me cant u see im not for ever u and me take your chance just come alone and follow me" follow me lets be together cant u see im not for ever u and me can make it happen take your chance just come allone and follow me (x2)
beni takip et. izle beni.
bbc nin şahane ingilizce eğitim seti..hafızalarımıza silinmez kalemlerle yazılmış bu diziyi hangimiz hatırlamayız ki?.. hele o francis mathews nasıl unutulur?.. bir de kısa boylu, şişman ve huysuz bir herif vardı ki onu pek severdim.. şimdi nerelerde neler yapıyorlardır acep?.. belki ekibi arada bir toplayıp eski günleri yadediyorlardır kimbilir..
green court'un bu isimde bi parcasi vardir, cosmic gate remixi tavsiye edilir
(bkz: dont follow me)
sözü müziği henjo richter'e ait olan gamma ray parçası. no world order albümünde dokuzuncu izi işgal eder. will you follow me into the light the fortress of wisdom, a star shining bright the garden of heavenly sin a kingdom of beauty to please you within where do we go from here? leaving our memories behind it's time to free your mind hey you! i'll make your dreams come true i can take you anywhere just call on me and i'll be there follow me and i will guarantee your life will never be the same hear me callin', won't you follow me will you follow me into the fight you smile as you die when you're close to the light your dreams will be lost in the haze your innocence dying in so many ways where do we go from here? leaving our dreams far behind to fight the final fight hey you! i'll make your dreams come true i can take you anywhere just call on me and i'll be there follow me satisfaction guaranteed we'll be in perfect harmony so follow me, follow me where do we go from here? reaching our destiny's end and nothing will remain follow me to the land of make believe close your eyes i will be there and i can take you anywhere sacrifice at the gates of paradise it's a world full of illusions by the masters of confusion, follow me... will you still follow me?
follöw me olarak telaffuz edildiğinde akla ister istemez nemo gelir.
(bkz: why you follow me)
innocence ghost in the shell'in sonunda kimiko itah tarafından seslendirilen kenji kawai bestesi. cazimsi havası filmin tema müziğinden tanıdık kimi yerlerle birleşmiş, güzel olmuş.
(bkz: follow me around)
ghost in the shell innocence'in sonunda duyulan sarki.. muzigi en aranjuez con tu amor'a pek bi benzer*.. follow me to a land across the shining sea waiting beyond the world we have known beyond the world the dream could be and the joy we have tasted follow me along the road that only love can see rising above the fun years of the night into the light beyond the tears and all the years we have wasted follow me to a distand land this mountain high where all the music that we always kept inside will fill the sky singing in the silent swerve a heart is free while the world goes on running and turning turning and falling
(bkz: things happen to the people who drink fiasco)
rodrigonun gitar konçertosu üzerine uluslararası güfte ustası kretzmer'in yazdığı (#6523702) ve demis roussos'un şahane icra ettiği aşmış bir eserdir. demis bu parçanın klibinde dalgalar ve dalgalar önünde, deriler içinde, daha yeni olmuş ve pişmiş haliyle "bir olgun dönem eseri" sunar. takip etmek kalır geriye.
henüz hiçbir albüme girmemiş, şimdilik sadece paul mccartney konserlerinde (bkz: glastonbury) seslendirilen bir macca eseri. muhtemelen paul'un bu yıl yayımlanacak olan yeni albümünün hitlerinden biri olacak. paul mccartney'in "aptal aşk şarkıları"ndan (bkz: silly love songs) biri daha.
(bkz: trt de ingilizce dersi)
(bkz: ghost in the shell) (bkz: innocence) kenji kawai ve kimiko itoh'ya aittir.
paul mccartney in chaos and creation in the backyardalbumunden bir mccartney akustik klasigi. paul e o en cok giden akustik ve vokal sarkisi.guzel sozlere de sahip melodik bir mccartney hazinesi daha.
milliyet tarafında evlerimize sokulan, 8 video kasetten oluşan ve bbc tarafından hazırlanmış eğitici eğlendirici ingilizce eğitim seti. dekoratif amaçlara hizmet etti bu ülkede.
cok tatli bir geci$ solosuna sahip digerlerinin arasindan siyrilan gamma ray parcasi.
z + 5 ile çıkan counter strike radyo mesajı.
(bkz: anladın sen onu)
aynı zamanda çok hoş bir breaking benjamin şarkısı, sözlere geçiyim hatta, i'm losing sight don't count on me i chase the sun it chases me you know my name you know my face you'd know my heart if you knew my place i'll walk straight down as far as i can go i follow you, you follow me i don't know why you lie so clean i'll break right through the irony enlighten me reveal my fate just cut these strings that hold me safe you know my head you know my gaze you'd know my heart if you knew your place i'll walk straight down as far as i can go i follow you you follow me i don't know why you lie so clean i'll break right through the irony cure this wait i i hate this wait i hate this wait i follow you you follow me i don't know why you lie so clean i'll break right through the irony i don't know why i don't know why i follow you you follow me i don't know why you lie so clean i'll break right through the irony
askeri üslerde genelde bmc markalı kamyonetlerin kullanıldığı, tepesinde kocaman ışıklı 'follow me' yazan araç. piste iniş yapmış araçları pistin sonundan kendi hangarına götürmeye yardım eder ya da uçaklara hangardan pist başına kadar önderlik yapar. sivildeyken en yetenekli şoforlerin kullanabildiği araçtır aynı zamanda.
harikulade breaking benjamin $arkisi.. sozler melodiye uygun ama biraz basit geldi bana. ama dinlenmesini tavsiye ederim. sözlerini de yazayim tam olsun:* i'm losing sight don't count on me i chase the sun it chases me you know my name you know my face you'd know my heart if you knew my place i'll walk straight down as far as i can go! i'll fall you if you follow me i don't know why you lie so clean i'll break right through the irony denied in me reveal my faith just cut these strings that hold me sane you know my head you know my face you'd know my heart if you knew your place i'll walk straight down as far as i can go
annete olzon'un vokallerinin peter'a eşlik ettiği, klibinde istanbul'dan sahneler olan pain şarkısı (peter elinde follow me yazan bi tabelayla istanbul'da dolaşıyor, bi acayip olmuş.)
klibinde headbang dergisinden sadi tirak ve erdem tatar'ın da rol aldığı pain şarkısı.
counter striketa oyunun salak botları tarafından sittir çekilip asabınızın bozulmasına vesile olan mesajdır...
finalde duvarda flulaşmış bir yazının yer aldığı klip... "buraya çöp dökmeyin" falan mı yazıyor ne... bu arada sadi tırak, peter tagtgren'in elindeki pankartı alıp fırlatmak bir yana, "abi dur yorulduysan ben taşiim, sen bi çay iç soluklan" diyecek kadar efendi bir adamdır... rolü yanıltmasın
ilk kez, youtube da recommended for you kısmında görüp dinlemeye başladığım, klipteki sigara içen amcaları görünce ilk başta şaşırdığım, ulan bizim buranın insanına ne kadar benziyordu adamlar, yanlış gördüm herhalde dediğim, klibin devamında istanbulu görünce şaşkınlığımın tavan yaptığı, anette ablanın vokallerinin çok hoş olduğu, güzel pain şarkısı. ayrıca klibin istanbulda çekilmesi de çok hoşuma gitmiştir*. sanırım yabancı bir filmde türkiye ya da istanbul lafı geçince heyecanlanmak gibi bir şey bu. sözleri: good luck has never been my friend i've always been the fool please don't follow shadows of mine 'cause the time is running out for me i walk in the path of a misfits blood no compass can steer my way no light at the end of the tunnel and time is running out for me no gold at the end of the rainbow no high hopes, dreams deceive follow me the trouble seems to always wanna follow me it has let me down so far so why don't you follow me the trouble seems to always wanna follow me it has let me down so far so why don't you follow me i walk in the path of a misfits blood no compass can steer my way no light at the end of the tunnel the time is running out for me no gold at the end of the rainbow no high hopes, dreams deceive follow me the trouble seems to always wanna follow me it has let me down so far so why don't you follow me the trouble seems to always wanna follow me it has let me down so far so why don't you follow me follow me the trouble seems to always wanna follow me it has let me down so far so why don't you follow me the trouble seems to always wanna follow me it has let me down so far so why don't you follow me
thirteen senses'in yeni single'i. (bkz: thirteen senses/#15429344)
bbc tarafından yaptırılan ingilizce öğretme amaçlı program serisi. izleyince neden kimsenin bunlardan ingilizce öğrenemediği daha iyi anlaşılacaktır. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btdxuu45df8
klibinin nasil cekildigini iceren bir making of videosu var bunun; vokalist istanbul muthi$ bir $ehir, ben de ortada oyle gezinince millet kil oldu diyor, tam o sirada bizim uzun sacli eleman gecince 4 esnafin "bu ne lan! ne lan bu!" diyi$ini, ifrit olu$unu goruyoruz.
"follow me, follow me to my bedroom" şeklinde "ve olaylar gelişir" tarzı lyric'lere sahip, craig david şarkısı.
havalimanında "felomi" olarak da telaffuz edilen, uçağı el kol hareketleri yaparak yönlendiren operatöre verilen ad.
sean kingston ve sean paul ikilisinin düeti. ismail yk'nın facebook şarkısından esinlenmiş olmalılar, twitter hakkında şarkı yapmışlar. retweet me diye sözleri var. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufysjrrscpi
bir frank sinatra şarkısı. through the clouds, gray with years, over hill, wet with tears, to a world young and free, we shall fly, follow me. april green, everywhere, april songs always there, come and hear, come and see, follow me. to the tree where our hopes hang high, to the dream that should never die, where our long lost tomorrows still are in the sweet bye and bye. time goes by, or do we, close your eyes, and you'll see as we were, we can be, weep no more, follow me. follow me, follow me. to the tree where our hopes hang high, to the dream that should never die, where our long lost tomorrows still are in the sweet bye and bye. time goes by, or do we, close your eyes, and you'll see as we were, we can be, weep no more, follow me. follow me, follow me, follow me, follow me. get behind me, follow me.
counter strike zamanlarında duyulduğunda insanı gaza getiren söz öbeği. nasıl bir takip, nasıl bir arkadaşı destekleme inancı öff.
muhteşem bir savatage şarkısı değildir de nedir?
pain versiyonu için konuşuyorum, en anlaşılır ve basit tanımla on numara şarkı.
criss oliva'nın attığı en güzel sololardan biri bu şarkıdadır. bir diğeri için: (bkz: ghost in the ruins)
bir plaj terliği için fikir oluşturabilecek cümle yapısı. http://twitpic.com/7ctwlj
şeker gibi maia vidal şarkısı. sözlerini de verelim. follow me, why don't you follow me? down to the street and then back to my house watch your step! i'm number 1b come on in and i'm sorry for the mess i saw you standing there, and i asked you for a light i slyly touch my hair, you looked as i hoped you might i throw my head back as i laugh, i touch your arms look into your eyes we'll say some words some words that i'll forget, we both know they're mostly lies the dialogue starts to lag, the smokes are burning down we do a little calculation and suggest we get another round but as the music swells you take your chance to bend in close as if to hear but then you say 8 magic words, "do you want to get out of here?" and i say follow me, why don't you follow me? down to the street and then back to my house watch your step! i'm number 1b come on in and i'm sorry for the mess you probably think she's being bad or that she's going straight to hell but this is just a girl who wants, who's not afraid to help herself cause every boy she's ever known is just a peach and as sweet as pie so how could you hope to say no when you see him walking by and she says follow me, why don't you follow me? down to the street and then back to my house watch your step! i'm number 1b come on in and i'm sorry for the mess
elektronik altyapili, yeni bir muse eseri. sozleri asagidaki gibidir; when darkness falls and surrounds you. when you're fall down, when you're scared and you're lost. be brave, i'm coming to hold you now. when all strength has gone and you feel wrong like your life has slipped away. follow me, you can follow me and i, i will not desert you now. when your fire has died out, no ones there they have left you for dead follow me, you can follow me. i'll keep you safe. follow me, you can follow me, i will protect you. i won't let them hurt, hurt you when your heart is broken. you can follow me, you can follow me and i will always keep you safe follow me, you can trust in me i will always protect you my love. i will fear nothing you will be held
bok vardı da remix gibi halini album version olarak yayınladınız bu şarkının matt, chris ve dom. bu kadar güzel şarkıyı hiç ettiniz resmen. yine de içimden bir çok şeyi koparıp götüren şarkıdır. the 2nd law'ın en iyilerinden..
sonunda damakta 3ostm tadı bırakan muse şarkısı.
guiding light'ın the 2nd law'daki temsilcisi olması yanı sıra ingiltere yani muse bu şarkı ile eurovision'a katılsaydı kesin birinci olurdu. buram buram eurovision kokuyor. allahım ilk defa muse'u bu kadar çok eleştiriyorum, neler oluyor böyle?!
muse'un yeni albümünün en iyi şarkılarından. özellikle matthew'in vokali şarkıyı oldukça duygulu kılmış. sözler ise klasik, duygusal muse sözleri olmuş..
bence hicbir albume boyle bir sarkiyi icinde barindirmak nasip olmadi. sen neler yaptin bana muse demek istiyorum... gucume guc kattin, sesinle beni sinirlere koydun, yaptigin muzikle beni yerimden oynattin matthew. yedigin ictigin helal olsun anam...
matt'in 2011 temmuz'da doğan oğlu için yazdığı şarkı. girişinde bizlere ıbırcık gıbırcık gibi gelen ve şarkının temposunu belirleyen sesler oğlu bingham hawn bellamy'nin kalp atışlarıdır ve kendisi doğmadan hemen önce matt'in iphone'unu, nişanlısı kate hudson'ın göbeğine koymasıyla kaydedilmiştir.
lg'nin üzerine yerleştirilen sensörler ve motorlu tekerlekleri sayesinde siz nereye giderseniz arkanızdan gelen dünyanın ilk elektrik süpürgesi . ayrıntılı anlatım http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqwpza0ejzm http://www.lg.com/…elektrik-supurgesi/lg-vk9120nhat
zachary stevens biraz fazla bağırsa da çok güzel bir şarkıdır. savatage'inkinden bahsediyorum tabii.
konser çekim bir klibe sahip muse şarkısı..
bir üst versiyonu follow the leader olan, muse şarkısıdır.
breaking benjamin olanı gönül karmaşalarının en güzel soundtracklerindendir. yıllarca dinlenir, sıkmaz.
maia vidal şarkısı. tuz buz oynayan insanların oluşturduğu bir orkestra eşlik ediyor sanırım. http://www.vurmadanoncebirdinle.com/…idal-follow-me
2:12-2:47 araliginda aglatacak guce sahip bir sarki. dinlemekten vazgecemedigim, gunde defalarca caldigim soyledigim bir sarki oldu.. cok cok vurucu cok guzel.. mahvediyor her dinleyisimde.
