günümüz otomobillerinde sunulmaya başlanmış bir özellik. otomobilin park edildikten ve kilitlendikten sonra birkaç dakika boyunca farlarını kapatmaması durumu. araçtan indikten sonra yolunuzu aydınlatır.
communique albümünden dire straits şarkısı oh well the sun go down celebration in the town tonight all day long they been slaughtering upon the stone share out the meat yeah, you really like to eat come on woman, come follow me home well, the priest he cries virgins ascending to the skies tonight all day long i have passed my time alone and when the church bell rung i stayed out on the tower in a dying sun now come on woman, come follow me home well i don't need no priest but i love all of the people yes i share the feast so drink up my wine yes and the song in my bones i know the way i can see by the moonlight clear as the day now come on woman, come follow me home
mini cooper'larda standart olarak gelen özellik.
sugababes'in yeni albümleri taller in more ways'den yavaş ve potansiyel bir klip şarkısı. romantik bişi. seni asla bırakmayacağım temalı. ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ooh, ooh like a light into my life i never thought that it would feel so bright, yeah all i wanna do is hold you tight and i'll be with you through trouble nights sometimes life it drags you down and plays you like a fool makes you feel so empty sometimes it can be so cruel, ooh yeah so follow me home you'll never be lost wherever the storm whatever the cause i won't walk away i'll stand by your side i'm here for you the rest of our lives when you're feeling all alone hear the words that i'm singing to you, oh like a seed that has been sown as you grow, i will protect you, yeah, yeah sometimes life it drags you down and plays you like a fool makes you feel so empty sometimes it can be so cruel, ooh yeah so follow me home you'll never be lost wherever the storm whatever the cause i won't walk away i'll stand by your side i'm here for you the rest of our lives baby all i'm trying to say is that my heart is here to hold you i'm never far away take my hand so i can feel you i've searched and i have found i'll never let you down we will all stand on solid ground (no matter what will always be around) (so follow me home) so follow me home (never be lost) you'll never be lost (wherever the storm) wherever the storm (yeah, yeah, yeah) whatever the cause i won't walk away (i won't walk away) i'll stand by your side (i'll stand by your side) i'm here for you (yeah, yeah) the rest of our lives (so follow me home) so follow me home (never be lost) you'll never be lost (wherever the storm) wherever the storm (yeah, yeah, yeah) whatever the cause i won't walk away (i won't walk away) i'll stand by your side (i'll stand by your side) i'm here for you (yeah, yeah, yeah) the rest of our lives
arabami önü duvara dogru park ettigim icin hic kullanmadigim, her yüz araba sahibinden de kacinin isine yaradigini ve park yeri arabayi evin kapisina dogru ve kapiya birkac metre uzaklikta birakacak sekilde olan kac ev vardir acaba diye merak ettigim özellik.
artık eskimiş olan otomobil özelliği. benim arabada gidince çaldır özelliği var. eve girince çaldırıyorum, arabam rahat uyuyo gece. canım benim yaa.
underrated bir dire straits eseri. communique albümünde kenarı köşeye sıkışmış, dev şarkıların arasından bize mütevazice gülümsemektedir. stüdyo versiyonunda başında dalgaların kumsala vurma sesi vardır.
yonderboi şarkısı. oh well the sun go down celebration in the town tonight all day long they been slaughtering upon the stone share out the meat yeah, you really like to eat come on man, come follow me home follow me home follow me home follow me home follow me home follow me home well, the priest he cries virgin ascending to the skies tonight all day long i have passed my time alone and when the church bell rung i stayed out on the tower in a dying sun now come on man, come follow me home follow me home follow me home follow me home follow me home follow me home well i don't need no priest but i love all of the people yes i share the feast so i drink up my wine yes and the song in my bones i know the way i can see by the moonlight clear as the day now come on man, come follow me home follow me home follow me home follow me home follow me home
dire straits'in insani dinlendiren sarkisi, pazar sabahi nesenize nese katar, sahilde dalga seslesi ile baslayan girisi harika gitar melodileriyle devam eder. http://fizy.com/#s/1mhnon
2005 model peugeot 206'da da olan özellik.
(bkz: güne iyi başlatan şarkılar/#26079567)
opel astra'da da, ford focus'ta da olan, muhtemelen yeni nesil birçok araçta özelliktir. araçlarla çevrili veya şehir ortamında (aydınlık sokaklar, apartman ışıkları vs.) bir yerde pek işe yaramaz lakin kırsal alanda veya ıssız bir yerde yararlı bir özellik. oradaki "home" un, illa ki ev olması gerekmez. yürüdüğünüz herhangi bir düzlükte gayet işe yarar.
arabaya binmeden önce çalışanı varmıdir merak ettigim özellik
arabamın farını açık bırakarak kendi kendime eklediğim özellik. fakat geri dönüp kapatmayınca akü bitiyor, aman diyeyim.
