16 horsepower'in low estate albumunden bir $arki. sozleri: i surely knew it was a trap ye yet my hands they would not listen i shoulda known your word was flap comin' out all sweet an drippin' o so where could i go - yes but to the lord i been to your house an' see what you adore i left there stiff - stiff as a board where could i go but to the lord when will i hurt for heaven's sake when will i suffer for the sake of heaven all my love well it is madness freely given to you folks with gladness i will not live and die - no not by the sword i am weak without the joy of the lord taste and see that the lord is good let's bend our knees like we know we should we can't see clear - our eyes are made of wood taste and see boy that the lord is good
d. meyer, bretton, s. edwards bestesi bir jazz standartı. chet baker`'dan dinlenilmesi farzdır. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun for heavens sake let's fall in love it's no mistake to call it love an angel's holding hands with me how heavenly heaven can be here is romance for us to try here is a chance we can't deny while heaven's giving us a break let's fall in love for heaven's sake don't say a word my darling don't break the spell like this just hold me tight; we're alone in the night and heaven is here with a kiss this pair of eyes can see a star so paradise can't be so far since heaven's what we're dreaming of for heaven's sake, let's fall in love
bir johnny cash şarkısı, çoğusu gibi de dingin, ferah. would you walk that second mile, turn a frown with a smile? would you give a little more than you would take? did you shine your little light upon the children of the night? what on earth will you do for heaven's sake? did you feed the poor in spirit and befriend the persecuted? did you show the bound how all the chains can break? did you sow the proper seed? do you walk among the weeds? what on earth will you do for heaven's sake? are you patient with the weak? are you counted with the meek? would you lift the lowly heart or let it break? could you give away your shirt, and overlook a beggars dirt? what on earth will you do for heaven's sake?
