shakespeare'in "as you like it" eserinden özlü bir sözdür. "..... rosalind: now tell me how long you would have her after you have possessed her. orlando: for ever and a day. ....." sabahattin eyüboğlu bu sözü: "sonsuza kadar, bir gün bile eksik değil" diye çevirmiştir.
(bkz: eternity and a day)
(bkz: forever and one)
(bkz: ian brown) what you gonna do when you just found forever ? where you gonna go when you can't get it together ? forever and a day a fly gets caught upon a spiders web the snake still has another skin to shed forever and a day is it all a dream or have you just found forever ? get it all together, get like birds of a feather forever and a day the truth be told you're more than stones and rings of gold you can't be bought or sold what'chya gonna do when you just found forever ? where you gonna get to when you get it together ? each and everyday forever and a day
(bkz: sonsuzluk ve bir gün)
çok güzel bir the dissociatives şarkısı. waiting for this jury to unwind cuz it's been so hard wearing my heart up my sleeve words won't say the sounds that i can hear a thousand sunshines on the rainclouds the truth is i'd believe and be forever and a day so cold without you forever and a day lonely without you whenever you're away i'm starting to doubt you forever and a day so cold, so cold time has never been a friend of mine but it has owed me a favor since everything was fine and i'm desperate change as familiar as the moon i'm feeling lonely and stable and it's believed that soon i'll be forever and a day so cold without you forever and a day lonely without you whenever you're away i'm starting to doubt you forever and a day so cold, so cold days are folding over night turning empty pages but i don't see nothing if i don't see you forever and a day so cold without you forever and a day lonely without you whenever you're away i'm starting to doubt you forever and a day so cold, so cold
the past presents the future albümünden mükemmel bir her space holiday şarkısı: misery, loves company when company, won't call you're left with a mouthful of ten thousand wrong words it's all i got it's what i want sympathy, is everything when everything, fell short a textbook example of childhood in shambles it's not what i want but it's what i got eventually, i came to see i was seeing things, all wrong i've no expectations of people who gave in my broken heart beats like a bomb beats like a bomb blackbirds are faster than flames to a photograph. a big stack of mishaps and so much time spent feeling bad despite all the beauty that drips right off a loved one's lips a childlike reaction that starts and stops with selfishness i try hard to stay awake long enough to see the day when i can finally say i did something right for a change i turn to you, i turn to you in hopes that i will improve you turn to me, you turn to me but i just lie there half asleep you turn to him, you turn to him hoping he'll make you whole again i turn to her, i turn to her and in the end we all get burned i try hard to stay awake long enough to see the day when i can finally say i did something right for a change
çok uzun bir süreyi anlatan ingilizce deyim.
bir rykers parçası.
aynı zamanda edmund goulding, cedric hardwicke, frank lloyd, victor saville, robert stevenson, herbert wilcox ve rené clair'in yönettiği 1943 tarihli film.
myrath'in desert call albümünün açılış şarkısı; through the years, time was flying by times were hard without you by my side. whenever i dragged my feet, you were always around, showing me the wrong path from the right. guiding me, showing me the way always glowing inside, forever and a day. i will burn each part of my soul just to feel your warmness in this cold. shivering, my fingers touched your hands no sign of life i didn't understand. guiding me, showing me the way always glowing inside, forever and a day. i will burn each part of my soul just to feel your warmness in this cold. shivering, my fingers touched your hands no sign of life i didn't understand.
