mavi bir corvette'e donu$ebilen bir autobot.
ing. otoban.
california'da (genelde) maksimum 65 mille gidilebilen yol.
highwaylerden farkli olarak kavsaklardan dogrudan erisimi olmayan yol. sadece rampalarla (exit ramp ve entrance ramp) diger yollara baglanirlar.
highwaylerden farkli olarak uzerlerinde trafik isigi bulunmaz, ayni sebeple trafik isigi konan yerlerden bir sure once "freeway ends ahead" uyarisi konur ki freeway'in sanina halel gelmesin.
kimi freewaylerde bazi seritler icerisinde ikiden fazla (hatta bazen 3'den fazla) kisi olan arabalara ayrilir. (bkz: carpool) sebebi ise herkes araba kullanmasin benzinden tasarruf edelim trafik de sikismasin toplumca kalkinalim seklinde guzel bir dusuncedir. edit: wpi'ye tesekkurler.
(bkz: freeway space)
almanya'da lidl'larda satilan kola-fanta-gazoz markasi.. baya ucuzdur, 1 eylül'de yaz tatili(?)'ne cikan alman universitelerinin agustos boyu devam eden final donemlerinde ogrencilere moralman tedarik saglamasiyla hatirlanir. don atlet sinavlara cali$irken evin her tarafi ucuz freeway $i$eleriyle dolar.
bir linda perry şarkısı. can you see me in the garden watering flowers all night long taking care of what you neglected and i do it with a happy song can you feel your guardian angel guiding you so patiently and you wonder if you're in heaven because you move so gracefully welcome tomorrow where we flow us gently didn't we know didn't we feel it the time to seems to stop outside our window and we ride, down the freeway hoping to express our religion to be free of everything with my friends, sitting around drinking talking about how life is much too long how some days everything's just so right and the next day everything just seems so wrong laughing while complaining but having a good time it didn't really matter welcome tomorrow where we flow us gently at two o'clock in the morning the lights go on it's time for us to go and the last thing i can remember, was an angel guiding us right through the door yeah, yeah laughing while complaining but having a good time really it didn't matter really doesn't matter welcome tomorrow where we flow us gently didn't we know didn't we feel it the time to seems to stop outside our window and we ride, down the freeway hoping to express our religion didn't we know didn't we feel it the time to seems to stop outside our window and we run down the freeway didn't we know didn't we feel it how time it seems to stop outside our window and we run, down the freeway hoping to express our religion to be free, of everything of everything, yeah
ucuz kola. 0,35 euro'dur 1,5 litresi. tadı coca-cola'ya yaklaşan kolalardandır. aç ve parasız bünyelere ilaç gibi gelir. light'ı da vardır hem. içiniz, içiriniz. 1,5 litresi 1 euro olan coca-cola almaya değmez.
