demi moore ile patrick swayze in 80 li yillarda cevirdikleri bir film... 3 kere seyrettim... pisman degilim.... gene oynasin gene seyrederim....
starcrafttaki en karizmatik ünite ve ayrıca çok sevgili nickim
ingilizce hayalet..
starkraftta herkezi yenen ve aptalliklarima az sinirlenen,magic te de basarili olan,surekli ben bilirim diyen iyi arkadasim
bi de filmi vardi ama ben patrick swayze'den nefret ettigim icin hic sevmemistim.zati aglanacak bi filmdi
(bkz: testi yaparken sevismek) eyleminin gerceklestigi film.
o artik ghozy
starcraftta ellerindeki laser pointerla "aha buraya atican bombayi" diye point edebilen bir unittir. sava$ bittikten sonra hep beraber sinemaya gidip beyaz perdede ayni $eyi denerler, sinema salonlarina sweep yapilmak suretiyle detect edilip oldurulmelidirler.
atom bombasinin gucunu azaltmak yerine atilmasini zorla$tirmak kanimca cok zekice bir fikirdir. gorunmez olabilmeleri ve ce$itli $ekillerde yerlerinin tesbit edilmesi ayri bir heyecan katar. "nuclear launch detected" sesini duyan rakibin afallami$ $ekilde ordan oraya observer ko$turmasi suresince (10 saniye surer bu) "allaam noolur bulamasin" $eklinde sac beyazlatilir ekran kar$isinda.
(bkz: norton ghost)
beethoven beyin d minör piyano trio'su.. bayiinize "opus 70'i istiyorum" derseniz, verir kuşkusuz.. ha tabii, beaux arts trio'nun yorumu da varsa alın, tadından yemeyin, mendebur olmayın..
türk televizyonlarının azimli çabaları sayesinde, "insan istemese de yüz kere* izliyor" kategorisine giren film.. tıpkı (bkz: bodyguard) (bkz: pretty woman) gibi... ve de whoopi goldberg'ü sempatik zenci mertebesine yükselten film.
(bkz: tan dun)
(bkz: ghost note)
(bkz: ghost world)
güzelim carrierlerimi, battlecruiserlerimi lockdown marifetiyle maymun eden cins terran birimi. zerge basan maldır.
heroes of might and magic 4te kafalarini kucaklarinda tasiyan ve dayak yedikce gulen sinir bozucu mahluklar olarak karsimiza cikan unit.
ing. hortlak
(bkz: ghosts) (bkz: ghost in the shell)
(bkz: starcraft ghost)
pearl jamin riot act albumunun besinci sarkisi. once sozleri: the mind is grey like the city, packing in and overgrown love is deep, dig it out standing in a hole alone working for something that one can never hold a place in the clouds a good place to hide oh my oh... so i'm flying (away, away) driving (away, away) finding, hoping, ways i missed before i missed before the tv, she talks to me breaking news and building walls selling me what i don't need i never knew soap made you taller so i'm riding (away, away) hiding (away, away) so much talk it makes no sense at all my senses have gone... awol, awol, awol, awol... so i'm hiding (away, away) driving (away, away) passing new friends i won't know at all won't know at all it doesn't hurt when i bleed but my memories, they eat me i've seen it all before... bring it on, cuz i'm no victim dying (away, away) dying (away, away) dying dying... sanki sanki yasamlarimizi, tavan aralarimizi, ayakkabi kutularimizi, icimizi, disimizi dolduran onca hayalet yetmezmis gibi kendimizin de hem baskalari icin hem de kendimiz icin (ki en koyani bu herhalde) bir baska hayalet olabilecegini hatirlatmasaniz olmazdi di mi dedirten muzik kirintisi... e bari hatirlatmakta israrlisiniz, o zaman ustaca sozlerle bezeli bu guzellik icin de tesekkurler o zaman pj diye fisildattiran muzikal atol.. ve evet boys, bring it onn...
muziklerini psychedelic heavy chamber folk olarak tanimlayan japon grup. ozellikle snuff box immanence adli albumleri cok basarili.
disc duplication icin en cok kullanilan programdir.
ing. pesinde kosmak anlamina gelir verb olarak kullanildiginda
(bkz: ghostbusters)
starcraft evrenindeki seckin katillerdir.psychic ozellikleri oldugu belirlenen cocuklar egitim verilerek birer seckin komando olurlar ancak cogunlugu beyinlerine yerlestirilen neural supressor sayesinde,birakin yaptigi operasyonlari annelerinin yuzunu bile hatirlamaz.bunun sebebi hassas konfederasyon bilgilerinin dusman eline gecmesini engellemektir.verilen egitimlerde cogu zaman hipnotizma altinda oldugu icin ghost ne yapacagini dusunmez,zaten bilir.psychic ozellikleri tatsiz suprizlerle,"melaba biz 6 marine senin geldigini haber aldik,sweep caktik,izliyorduk..simdi azcik oluceksin,karsilasmazlar. akademileri tarsonis'tedir.ve tahminin aksine vicik vicik ghost kaynamaz.zira egitilen her ghost hemen ihtiyac olan bir yere tayin edilir.bu akademiden mezun olundugunda beyninizde bir neural supressor ve gorunmez olmanizi saglayan ghost kiti ile gonderilirsiniz.
cyber beyinli bir insanin vucudundaki kişisel karakterini * içeren ve belirleyen merkez. sibernetik çagda bu terim, insanin ta$idigi ruhu tanimlamak için yaratilmi$tir. (bkz: ghost line) (bkz: ghost hack) (bkz: artificial personality) (bkz: electronic brain)
you're my ghost.. curios and little but white.. may be just my soul, floating outside my body so am i still alone? or are you dead? still?
bir mnemic şarkısı..
bu aksam itibariyle trt 1'de de gosterilmis film. kendi capinda iyi guzel film de, simdi bu sam denen zat herseyle herkesle ellesebiliyor, molly'ye gelende neden yan cizip baska bir takim yollara basvuruyor? vallahi homofobik degilim ama su filmde demi moore whoopi goldberg ile yiyismeseydi keske diyorum. dedim.
delirten 2pac şarkısı ... 7 day theorye daha değişik gözle bakmamı sağlayan şarkı eğer bu olayı tamamen pazarlama kaynaklı kullanıyorsa prodüktörler helal olsun çok iyi strateji izliyorlar ... o nasıl giriştir arkadaşım öyle ? hadi ikinci paragrafı geç ilk paragraf kendi sesiyle arkadaşım. öldükten sonra çıkmış en iyi en yeni şarkısı sanırım budur. rhyme'ı beat'i filan tamamen eskiyi hatırlatıyor bana. belki de 7 day theorye olan inancım yüzünden bu haldeyimdir. ama şöyle bağırmak istiyorum izninizlen "wessaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyd" * the only way, for me to come back, is by makaveli that's it! all these motherfuckers stole from me i'm takin back what's mine [you motherfuckers can't stop me even if i die, i'm gon' be a fuckin problem do you believe in ghosts, motherfucker? real live black... ghosts feel me?
hiç denemediğim ama sadece isminden dolayı sahip olmayı çok istediğim, ismine bakılırsa kokusu da çok güzel olabilecek parfüm.
"tired of runnin from the niggaz and the cops, time to be a ghost" dizelerini her dinlediğimde tüylerimi diken diken eden $arkı. beati ve rhymlerı hakikaten muhteşem..
liveın en güzel şarkılarından biridir. yıllar sora birden durduk yere aklıma gelebildiine göre baya da hafızaya kazınan bi şarkıymış kendisi. everybody has a ghost everybody has a ghost who sings like you do yours is not like mine, it's alright, keep it up boy loses rib in new orleans he can't help eyein' up the whores under the bridge boy loses rib and lets a hellified cry into the dark where did i go wrong? where did i go wrong? i never needed this before i need a woman to help me feel everybody has the dream everybody has the dream like a world tattoo yours is not like mine, it's alright, keep it up the scalped dives into the skin good doctors never leave a scar no proof again i'll take the myth, you take the blood it's all the same to the world dreamer it's all the same in the end where did i go wrong? i never needed this before i need a woman to help me feel feel, feel everybody has a ghost everybody has a ghost who sings like you do yours is not like mine, it's alright, keep it up boy loses rib in new orleans he trades some ether for a chance under the bridge boy loses rib as he's summoned to the mud flat on his back cryin' where did i go wrong? where did i go wrong? i never needed this before i need a woman to help me feel feel, feel where did i go wrong? i never needed this before i need a woman to help me feel feel, feel
whoopi goldberg'e 1990'da en iyi yardımcı kadın oyuncu oscarını kazandırmış filmdir. kilit repliği "aynen"dir. (bkz: aynen/#2104294) bu filmden sonra seramikçilik ülkemizde altın çağını yaşamıştır.
bateride bir çeşit vuruş tekniği. vurgu yapmadan, az duyulacak şekilde trampet üzerinde bagetin sektirilmesi yoluyla gerçekleşir. 16'lık notaları doldurmak için bire birdir.
ankara dikmen caddesi üzerinde bulunan bir erkek kuaförünün adı. isim verilirken patrick swayze'ın saçlarından etkilenilmiş olabilir.
hayalet temasıyla çelişen film. filmin başında hayalet kahramanımız patrick swayze etrafındaki cisimlerle fiziksel temas kuramamasına, bütün duvarların içinden geçmesine rağmen, her türlü sandalye, koltuğa oturabilmekte ve çok katlı binaların zemininde ayakta durabilmektedir; oysa hayaletlerin uçma kabiliyetleri vardır, bu sayede ayakta dururlar. daha gerçekçi bir örnek için (bkz: casper)
sarkinin 2. dakikasinda nakarata girdigi yerde eddie'nin sesini inceltmesi, sanki daha sakin ve daha uzgun bir ruh halina burunmus vokali insanin iyice kalbini burkar, yorgun beden sarkinin icine akar... so i'm flying away.. away...
(bkz: elf)
(bkz: moaning myrtle)
jack london'ın yarmış klasiği deniz kurdu'nda olayların önemli bir kısmının geçtiği gemi. kaptanı için; (bkz: wolf larsen)
zamaninda cok seyler yasayan insanin bir anda kendiyle basbasa kalmasi ve eskiye duyulan ozlemin ama bunun ozlemden ileri gidemeyecigini ve insanin ne kadar ruhsuzlasabilecegini anlatan pearl jam saheseri...
patrick swayze ki$isinin ba$rolde oynadıgı,iki dunya arasında sıkı$mı$ bir a$k filmi.fakat hayaletimiz hicbir $eye dokunamayıp,icinden gecerken o koltuklara,pencere pervazına nasıl oturuyor diye merak edilesi film.
bu film hakikaten fazla mantık aranmadan izlenmesi gereken hoş bir filmdir. zaten televizyonlarımızda ayda bir düzenli olarak yayınlandığından mutlaka sıkılıp zaplarken takılmışsınızdır en az bir kere. bu filmin en müthiş tarafı kesinlikle whoopi goldberg denen harika kadının oyunculuğudur, bu kadar zırlak bir filmi izlenebilir kılan bir tek onun oyunculuğudur desem herhalde abartmış olmam. özellikle şu 4000000 dolarlık(yazıyla dörtmilyonamerikandoları) çeki bankadan alma ve rahibelere verme sahnesi bu filme on üzerinden rahatlıkla bir on vermeye yeter de artar. bu filmi izledikten sonra kadının neredeyse tüm filmlerini bulup izledim.
google'in web hosting i$ine girdiğinde, bu hizmetine vermesi muhtemel isimdir. (bkz: gmail)
bir bomba misali michael jackson sarkisi... sözleride aynen söyledir: there's a ghost down in the hall there's a ghoul upon the bed there's something in the walls there's blood up on the stairs and it's floating through the room and there's nothing i can see and i know it's bless the tune because now it's haunting me don't understand it don't understand it there's a thumpin' in the floor there's a creak behind the door there's a rocking in the chair but there's no-one seem there there's a ghostly smell around but nobody to be found and a coffin inlay open where a restless soul is pokin' don't understand it don't understand it (got a ghost got a break in the walls got a ghoul got a break in the halls got to see it want to) and who gave you the right to scare my family? and who gave you the right to shame my baby? she needs me! and who gave you the right to shake my fablic tree? they put a knife in my back shot an arrow in me tell me are you the ghost of jealousy the ghost of jealousy there's a thumpin' in the floor there's a creak behind the door there's a rocking in the chair but nobody's seem there there's a ghostly smell around but nobody to be found and a coffin inlay open where a restless soul is going don't understand it don't understand it (got a ghost got a break in the walls got a ghoul got a break in the halls got to see it want to) and who gave you the right to scheme my family? and who gave you the right to shame my baby? she needs me! and who gave you the right to shake my fablic tree? and who gave you the right to take, intrusion? to see me! and who gave you the right to shame my family? and who gave you the right to hurt my baby? she needs me! and who gave you the right to shake my fablic trees? you put a knife in my back shot an arrow in me tell me are you the ghost of jealousy a suckin' ghost of jealousy and who gave you the right to shame my family? and who gave you the right to shame my baby? she needs me! and who gave you the right to shake my fablic tree? and who gave you the right to take, intrusion? to see me! and who gave you the right to hurt my family? and who gave you the right to hurt my baby? she needs me! and who gave you the right to shake my fablic tree? you put a knife in my back shot an arrow in me tell me are you the ghost of jealousy the ghost of jealousy come on! but it's dynamite a peace of mine tell me are you the ghost of jealousy
(bkz: sven vath)
phish'in the story of the ghost albumunun 6. sarkisi: i feel i never told you the story of the ghost that i once knew and talked to of whom i’d never boast for this was my big secret how i’d get ahead and never have to worry i’d call him instead his answer came in actions he never spoke a word or maybe i laid down the phone before he could be heard i somehow feel forsaken like he had closed the door i guess i just stopped needing him as much as once before but maybe he’s still with me the latch was left unhooked he’s waiting in the wind and rain i simply haven’t looked
(bkz: ghost reveries)
(bkz: ghosted)
(bkz: ghost whisperer)
clutch'ın blast tyrant albümünün 13. parçası, tam adı eulogy for a ghost'tur the leather soles go shuffling in, stinking of smoke and ten cent gin. now who will toast our noble host that has this morning given up the ghost? the wooden coffer hand to hand. kind words are offered, silent prayers. but she is satisfied the most while stabbing madly at the roast. the rib of adam, the eyes of eve. the sons of cain receive no reprieve. the creditor rides with his men. the death of debtors he won't forgive. they repossess his silver eyes, now in the potter's field he lies. the rib of adam, the eyes of eve. the sons of cain receive no reprieve. waiting for a dead man's shoes. have you heard the latest news? lazarus is back from the dead looking as one would expect. dripping with the waters of sheol. babbling about body and soul. and then he found his wife in their bed buck naked and already wed. the tax collector beneath his sheets. the door swings open. floorboards creak. now who will toast our noble host who has this morning given up the ghost? the rib of adam, the eyes of eve. the sons of cain receive no reprieve.
devics'in the ghost in the girl ep'sinin ilk şarkısı. even though i'm a ghost i can see you i'm a ghost even though your in a different world i'm a ghost and a different kind of girl i see the lovers is that what you want? if it is i'm gone i love to float above you don't try to get too close cause i see no reason is this what you want if it is i'm gone happy home is waiting for the ghost who knows that one day he will find and bring her back to life
yıllardır bıkmadan kullandığım kokusuna hayran olunan parfüm. kalıcı olmaması sebebiyle sık sık tazelemek gerekiyor bu yüzden de çok çabuk şişenin dibini görüyor olsam da ses etmeden gider alırım yenisini neden çünkü kokusunun muhteşemliğine değer.
güzel bi film.ağlanacak veya hüzünlenecek birçok sahne barındırmasına rağmen beni en çok etkileyen sahne: --- spoiler --- metrodaki diğer hayaletin,sigara makinası başında "tek bir nefes için nler vermezdim" diyerek ağlaması acı çekmesidir. --- spoiler ---
(bkz: white noise)
ve bir neutral milk hotel $arkisi da, sozleri $u $ekilde... ghost, ghost i know you live within me feel as you fly in thunderclouds above the city into one that i loved with all that was left within me until we tore in two now wings and rings and there's so many waiting here for you and she was born in a bottle rocket, 1929 with wings that ring around a socket right between her spine all drenched in milk and holy water pouring from the sky i know that she will live for ever she won't ever die she goes and now she knows she'll never be afraid to watch the morning paper blow into a hole where no one can escape dee, de de de de... and one day in new york city baby a girl fell from the sky from the top of a burning apartment building fourteen stories high and when her spirit left her body how it split the sun i know that she will live for ever all goes on and on and on and she goes and now she knows she'll never be afraid to watch the morning paper blow into a hole where no one can escape dee, de de de de...
14.05.2007 tarihinde babylonda sahne almis, kim bilir daha ne gruplar var bilmedigimiz dedirtecek kadar iyi muzik yapan japon psychedelic rock grubu. (bkz: hypnotic underworld)
bravo albümünde yer alan bir gazpacho şarkısı. güzel, sakin, üzücü de.
daha geliştirilme aşamasında olan web tabanlı bir işletim sistemi. müthiş hızlı bağlantıya doyduğumuz türkiyede çatır çatır kullanılır bu kesin. http://g.ho.st/home/
beady belle sarkisi: i fall into your trashbin once again same kind of story i know what's happened every time before still i want more i wonder who and what i'm fighting for maybe it's you i am maybe better off oblivious too while they're having fun with you i've heard of your ghosts why won't they let you go ? i've heard of your ghosts why won't they let us get on with our love ? i'm coming to your rescue once again it always happen though i don't know what to save you from and why i never see them come i've heard that you hang out with your old friends again always doing something what can i do to stop them from hunting you again ? disappear into the blues
buckethead'in colma isimli albümündeki elektronik altyapı üstüne gitarla kotardığı şık, enstrümantal şarkı.
ingiliz yazar robert harris'in bir romanı.
şahane bir machinae supremacy şarkısı. tam adı ghost (beneath the surface). insanı duygudan duyguya sürükler... her "i die" dediğinde siz de ölür bitersiniz... sözleri de şöyle: stand still out in the rain and look up at a broken sky every raindrop looks the same they fall without pretending through the night but water isn't always what you see another surface lies beneath can you see this isn't really me? no this is someone else i am just beneath the surface i die... i'm bleeding, i die... and it hurries from my grasp it runs between my fingers and my hands it's like an echo from my past a mere forgotten future in the sand the water is the tide of night that comes a shadow pulls me down beneath maybe this is who i used to be? but this is someone else i am just beneath the surface in the pouring rain i'm bleeding, i die and i'm crying in pain i'm bleeding, i die... ...i'm bleeding, i die... ...i'm bleeding, i die... i, die! i, die! in the pouring rain i'm bleeding, i die and i'm crying in pain i'm bleeding, i die in the pouring rain i'm bleeding, i die and it drives me insane i'm bleeding, i die i, die! i, die...
jes brieden vokalli muhte$em bir deepsky üretimi. $öyle de bir olay var; (bkz: #13062239) i was a ghost before you came and i was a slave but then i changed and i will take the good and bad from many when i am a slave to this again so leave me alone, before the strain of listening to you becomes more than you can bear but maybe this time we will be fine or else tomorrow will be lost i feel you calling me when i'm alone i feel you calling me, it's keeping me up i wanna be with you now it's keeping me up it's keeping me there was a force, i swear, i thought it'd take me out and there was a chance that we could go so far as i look in your eyes, i know that you say no war, no war, no more, no battles to fight in this life i feel you calling me when i'm alone i feel you calling me, it's keeping me up i wanna be with you now i feel you calling me when i'm alone hot nights and moonlight, it's keeping me up i gotta be with you now tell me you'll wait till then to find what races and grades before we explode and maybe this time we will be fine and our tomorrow, it won't be lost within this lie i swear i feel you calling me when i'm alone i feel you calling me, it's keeping me up i wanna be with you now i feel you calling me when i'm alone hot nights and moonlight, it's keeping me up i gotta be with you now
bir stoney sarkisi sozleri ise sahane olmakla birlikte, su sekilde yazilmisitir. looking back through the window in the door the now has closed. the looking glass that lost its tinted rose, at the secrets of the path we never chose. lose ourselves there and we fall into the arms of the unseen of all that never was but should have been beyond the day that woke us from the dream. and it’s a little late to speculate on what you could have done. it’s a little late to overstate the obvious you considered every move you made yet you did what you thought best so release the fist that erred into the grave lay the ghost to rest let it go with the hurt of all the promises unkept the pride behind apologies unsaid and the tradegy of hope we left for dead. because its as fruitless as the tears in the sour milk we spilt on the ruins of the tower that we built and the silence and the loneliness of guilt. and it’s a little late to speculate on what you could have done and so easy now to overstate the obvious. we considered every move we made we did what we thought best. so throw down your fist that erred into the grave lay the ghost to rest. this ones over no phoenix from these ashes will arise so let the tears upon the lashes of your eyes fall to the desert ground and bring new life. walk away now am not saying that we can or should forget just don’t cloud our every sunrise with regret the curtain hasn't fallen on us yet the curtain hasn't fallen on us yet the curtain hasn't fallen on us yet.
kötü kötü seyler soylemesine ragmen (no phoenix from these ashes will arise) su sekilde iki sahane mısrası vardır as the tears in the sour milk we spilt on the ruins of the tower that we built son olarak da hala umut vaadediyor.. tiyatroda oyunu kurtarmak icin hala son sansimiz var diye fisildayan oyuncularız ya, ondan.... perde hala inmedi....
(bkz: g.ho.s.t)
nekrofil bir kadının maceralarını anlatan romantik film.
bozuk para sahnesi ile melankolik ergenlerin boğazına düğüm olmuş filmdir.
radical face'in bir albümüdür. tracklisti; 1. asleep on a train 2. welcome home (emeral cooper on piano and mark hubbard on snare drum) 3. let the river in 4. glory (alex kane on bass) 5. the strangest things (alex kane on bass) 6. wrapped in piano strings 7. along the road 8. haunted 9. winter is coming 10. sleepwalking 11. homesick
might and magic vi'da bir monster. fear kullanır.
sounds of the universe deluxe box set icerisinde yer alan nefis bir depeche mode sarkisi. albümü cok begenmeme ragmen albümdeki bir cok sarkidan daha cok sevdigimi söylemek zorundayim. i'm the ghost in your house calling your name my memory lingers you'll never be the same i'm the hole in your heart i'm the stain in your bed the phantom in your fingers the voices in your head one touch is all it took to draw you in to leave you hooked one kiss, you paid the price you had a taste of paradise now you´re running in circles chasing imaginary footsteps reaching for shadows in the bed where i once slept i'm the ghost in your house calling your name my memory lingers you'll never be the same i'm the hole in your heart i'm the stain in your bed the phantom in your fingers the voices in your head one thought is all it takes you lose control you make mistakes this pain will never leave until i die you'll always grieve now you´re falling to pieces seeing my face wherever you go talking to strangers from a place they'll never know
bir indigo girls şarkısı there's a letter on the desktop that i dug out of a drawer the last truce we ever came to from our adolescent war and i start to feel the fever of the warm air through the screen you come regular like seasons shadowing my dreams the mississippi's mighty, but it starts in minnesota at a place where you can walk across with five steps down and that's just how you started like a pinprick to my heart but at this point you rush right through me and i start to drown there's not enough room in this world for my pain signals crossed and love gets lost and time passed makes it plain of all my demon spirits i need you the most i'm in love with your ghost i'm in love with your ghost dark and dangerous like a secret it gets whispered in a hush (don't tell a soul) and when i wake the things i dreamt about you last night make me blush (don't tell a soul) when you kiss me like a lover and you sting me like a viper i go follow to the river play your memory like the piper and i feel it like a sickness how this love is killing me but i would walk into the fingers of your fire willingly dance the edge of sanity i've never been this close in love with your ghost oooooh-oooooooh-ooooooh-oooooooooh oooooh-oooooooh-ooooooh-oooooooooh unknowing captor you'll never know how much you pierce my spirit but i can't touch you can you hear it a cry to be free oh i'm forever under lock and key as you pass through me now i see your face before me i would launch a thousand ships to bring your heart back to my island as the sand beneath me slips i burn up in your presence and i know now how it feels to be weakened like achilles with you always at my heels this bitter pill to swallow is the silence that i keep it poisons me i can't swim free the river is too deep though i'm baptized by your touch i am no worse at most in love with your ghost amy: in love with your ghost in love with your ghost emily: you are shadowing my dreams
en güzelinden iç burkan bir gazpacho şarkısı. ghost i wish that under crimson sky peace was made between you and i. streets were clear and we could go to find a life that we don't know. early wake-up twilit morning coffee cups bring early warning and we both know that no one's going to win when the walls come crashing in. i'm an innocent victim i'm your tired eye and i'm tired of accusations in the air. and you're gone and everybody knows you're gone cause nothing's changed it stays the same. and you'll stay gone when nothing else has changed. i'm the man in your closet i'm the ghost beneath your bed i'm buried in the thoughts that sting the back of your head. i'm an innocent victim i'm a firefly and i'm only waiting patiently right here and you're gone and everybody knows you're gone nothing's changed it stays the same and you'll stay gone when nothing else has changed . and you'll stay gone while everything remains
insana bunalimlardan bunalim begendiren cok guzel howie day sarkisi. lately i've been thinking lately i've been dreaming with you i'm so resistant to this type of thinking oh, now it's shining through i was alone for the last time before my night's vacation with you alive from the first now i'm denied by the ghost of you you take yourself a photograph and laugh at me please i know there's little use in crying it's more wide awake and dying then i'm used to i thought we'd walk these streets together now i'm hoping that i'll never have to meet you step aside from all this anger and somewhere in between i can feel you ask me should we try again i'm thinking no y'know, it's not what i believe in it's not what i believe in you take yourself a photograph and laugh at me please you make yourself a photograph and laugh at me please no i, wanna taste you, love no i...no i no i, just wanna taste you, love standing in your shoes i turn and now you're standing bare in my doorway i only wish that i had been prepared i'm gonna have to go along with your way just take the plastic camera out it's the pants you borrowed in the driveway alive from the first now i'm denied by the ghost of you make yourself a photograph and laugh at me please you make yourself a photograph and laugh at me please no i, wanna taste of love no i... i was alive from the first now i'm denied by the ghost of you
japon saykodelik grubu olan hayalet takımı ağır derecede the flower traveling band etkisi altındadır. en son 2006 yılında kaydedilen ve dinleyicilerin hiçbirinin konser sonuna kadar çıkmasına izin verilmeyen bir doğaçlama performansın dvd'sini çıkarmışlardır. konser sırasında grup üyeleri de sadece birbirlerini duyabilecek şekilde konumlanmışlardır.
call of duty: modern warfare 2'nin en karizmatik adamının adıdır aynı zamanda. gerek sesiyle, gerek duruşuyla, gerek cesaretiyle...
slashin cok tatli olan son albumu slashten cok tatli bir sarki. vokaller the culttan ian astbury. sozleri: kill the ghost that hides in your soul rock 'n' roll rock 'n' roll rock rock wipe the blood from your halo ? that you hide your shadow's pride spit in the face of the ugly clown who'll hunt you down but you can't hide exterminate the future kill the ghost that hides in your soul rock 'n' roll kill the ghost that hides in your soul rock 'n' roll whispers of the future broken ? in your skull ? in your smile exterminate the future kill the ghost that hides in your soul kill the ghost that hides in your soul you can't run from the future you can't change the past you're not that fast you can't run from the future you can't change the past not that fast kill the ghost that hides in your soul kill the ghost that hides in your soul kill the ghost that hides in your soul kill rock n roll
pearl jam'in adamı çok fena yapan bir şarkısı. evet farkındayım göüm gibi entry girdim, tarif edemedim pek.
bir fefe dobson şarkısı(ymış). fefe dobson'ı bu şarkıdan önce hiç duymamıştım, hala da başka şarkısını bilmiyorum. açıkçası merak da etmiyorum. edit: canavar gibi take me away'ini biliyormusun yillar sonra farkettim. ama tabi sarkiyi duyup sevmisligim var, kizi atlamisiz o ara. amma velakin, kesha adındaki ingilizce özürlü kızı biliyorken bu kızın bilmemem saçma geldi. nitekim radyolarda duyduğum ve mümkün olan en kısa sürede kanalı değiştirdiğim diğer kızın yanında bu kızın bilinmesi gerekiyormuş gibi geldi. her neyse sözleri: just like a go-go-go-ghost watch me go-go-go-ghost now i'm gone in your photograph i bet you wish you could get me back now i'm stuck in your memory a mistaken identity what's her name? what's she like? does she know that you'll never treat her right? what's her name? what's she like? do you leave her in the middle of the night? you act like you just saw a ghost i watch you getting way too close now i know why you're never there now i know so it's my turn to disappear you act like you just saw a ghost i caught you (caught you) now i know now i know why you're never there now it's my turn, watch me disappear just like a go-go-go-ghost watch me go-go-go-ghost the only gift that you ever gave was that you let me just get away i hope i haunt you in every dream and you feel a little misery what's her name? what's she like? i should warn her that you'll never do her right all your games all your lies i need to tell her maybe i can change her mind you act like you just saw a ghost i watch you getting way too close now i know why you're never there now i know so it's my turn to disappear you act like you just saw a ghost i caught you (caught you) now i know now i know why you're never there (never there) now it's my turn, watch me disappear just like a go-go-go-ghost watch me go-go-go-ghost just like a go-go-go-ghost watch me go-go-go-ghost now you see me now you don't you must've thought i'd never go thanks to you i'm taking back my soul you act like you just saw a ghost i watch you getting way too close now i know why you're never there (never there) now i know so it's my turn to disappear (disappear) you act like you just saw a ghost i caught you (caught you) now i know now i know why you're never there (never there) now it's my turn, watch me disappear just like a go-go-go-ghost watch me go-go-go-ghost just like a go-go-go-ghost watch me go-go-go-ghost just like a go-go-go-ghost watch me go-go-go-ghost just like a go-go-go-ghost watch me go-go-go-ghost
"serge devant" feat hadley, dinlemesi zevkli bir club şarkısı
call of duty modern warfare 2'de task force 141 grubunda yer almış kanımca en karizma eleman.
bisiklet üreticisi alman şirket. http://www.ghost-bikes.com/
her allah'ın günü virgin radio sayesinde kusma noktasına gelinen, aslında güzel bir serge devant- hadley şarkısı. madem bahsettik sözlerini de yazalım: i see something in my vision you changed my perfect picture you've got me going out of my mind and i knew just what i wanted somehow i got the feeling in me that made me start to believe oh how long was i suppose to see love until i noticed that you were always like a disease and you took away my senses i swear i'm getting restless guess its just the same old me in the end don't you know or understand it's not even about you (it's not even about you) i spend my life chasing ghosts there i go always looking for something (it's not even about you) in the end don't you know or understand it's not even about you (it's not even about you) i spend my life chasing ghosts there i go always looking for something (it's not even about you) on and on i go and i'm still alone it's not even about you on and on i go and i'm still alone it's not even about you on and on i go and i'm still alone it's not even about you on and on i go and i'm still alone it's not even about you (it's not even about you) i was fooled by my ambitions a whisper in the distance a calling from what i couldn't see and my fear somehow subsided got lost inside my mind and i knew what i was wrong to believe oh how long am i suppose to fall deep inside the ocean of dreams and never get some relief maybe time can be my healer my savior from this feeling guess its just the same old me in the end don't you know or understand it's not even about you (it's not even about you) i spend my life chasing ghosts there i go always looking for something (it's not even about you) in the end don't you know or understand it's not even about you (it's not even about you) i spend my life chasing ghosts there i go always looking for something (it's not even about you) on and on i go and i'm still alone it's not even about you on and on i go and i'm still alone it's not even about you on and on i go and i'm still alone it's not even about you on and on i go and i'm still alone it's not even about you (it's not even about you)
2008 yılında kurulmuş isveç'li heavy/doom metal grubu. 2010 da bir demo ve bir single nin ardından opus eponymous isimli debut albümünü yayınlamışlar. grup elemanlarının sahne kostümleri fln biraz ofsayt olsa da albüm gerçekten mükemmel. ritmleri çok beğendim. kesinlikle dinlenesi bir grup.
hayat kurtaran bir symantec programı
1990 yapımı aşk filmidir. yönetmeni jerry zucker'dir. ayrıca demi moore'un en saf en tatlı en güzel en evlenilesi halini barındırır: http://www.hotflick.net/…/990ghs_demi_moore_042.jpg
asıl adı simon riley olan modern warfare 2 karakteri.
call of duty:modern warfare serisinde en gizemli karakterdir. ikinci oyunda (call of duty:modern warfare 2) ghost olarak gördüğümüz karakter, birinci oyundaki (call of duty:modern warfare ) gaz adlı karakterin hayaleti olduğu dedikodular arasında vardır ama bu asla doğrulanmamıştır.üstelik iki oyundada karakteri craig fairbrass seslendirmiştir. bir diğer iddaaya göre ise yeni çıkacak oyunda ghost adlı karakterin kendine ait bir senaryosunun olacağıdır. kaynak:http://level.com.tr/…arfaren-oencesine-doenebiliriz
aksanina, giyim tarzina, maskesine bi de durusuna hasta olunasi modern warfare 2 karakteri. " the russians ain't gonna let this massacre go unanswered. it's gonna get bloody." cumlesini oyle bir soyler ki sanki iskocya'nin ingilitere'nin yagmurlarinda islanmis gibi olursunuz.
laura marling'in sesiyle dans ettirdiği şarkı. içinden ghost her şarkıda böyle eğlenilmiyor. "he walked down a busy street staring solely at his feet clutching pictures of past lovers at his side sat at the table where she sat and removed his hat in respect of her presence presents her with the pictures and says 'these are just ghosts that broke my heart before i met you. these are just ghosts that broke my heart before i met you he opened up his little heart unlocked the lock that kept it dark and read a written warning saying 'i'm still mourning over ghosts over ghosts over ghosts over ghosts that broke my heart before i met you lover, please do not fall to your knees it's not like i believe in everlasting love he'd gone crazy at nineteen said he'd lost all his self esteem and couldn't understand why he was crying he would stare at empty chairs think of the ghosts that once sat there the ghosts who broke his heart. all the ghosts that broke my heart the ghosts that broke his heart all the ghosts that broke my heart the ghosts the ghosts the ghosts the ghosts the ghosts the ghosts the ghosts that broke my heart before i met you lover, please do not fall to your knees it's not like i believe in everlasting love he says 'i'm so lost, not at all well do as though there is nothing left to be turned out i'd been following him and he'd been following me do as though after it was over we were just two lovers crying on each others shoulders lover please do not fall to your knees it's not like i believe in everlasting love lover please do not fall to your knees it's not like i believe in everlasting love"
bir kidz in space melodisi http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjfcrnglgau
(bkz: never know what hit'em)
true to trance vol 2 albümünde filo & peri remix ile yerini almı$ ba$arılı bir trance çalı$masıdır . keep on'dan ghosta bu kadar leziz bir geçi$ yapan dj'i * ayrıca tebrik etmek lazımdır .
2011 mayıs çıkışlı devin townsend project albümü. townsend'in her zaman yaptığı sert albümün ardından yumuşak albüm temasını devam ettirmek üzere, progressive rock ve ambient türünde parçalardan oluşur. huzur vericidir.
enslaved ve alcest ile amerikayı turlayacaklarmış, vay be arkadaş bu üç şahane grup aynı turda.
game of thrones'ta, eddard stark'ın piçi jon snow'un kadim kurduna verdiği ad.
hmm, beklediğimin aksine devin townsend project'in bu son albümü konsepti oluşturan dört albüm içinde en iyisi değil. o ünvan deconstruction'da (en azından şimdilik); lakin tüm devin townsend işleri gibi ghost da elbette belli bir haruşahanelik eşiğinin ziyadesiyle üzerinde, her türlü yardıran cinsten biçiminde tasvir etmekten çekinmeyeceğim kırılgan bir sesler kombinasyonu. ne yapmış reiz burada peki... mike oldfield, ambient, folk ve illaki prog. aklıma bunlar geliyor dinlerken. flüt duyuyoruz mesela bol bol, blackberry'de cümbüş (banco ya, banco) var (sanki ghost'un en sıkıntılı noktası da burası...), sağdan soldan ambient mevzuun vazgeçilmezi vili vili synthler falan geliyo. devin'in albüm çıkmadan evvel söylediklerinden ve projeye dair çaldığı pasajlardan böyle bi albüm geleceğini çıkarmak çok da güç değildi gerçi; fakat yine de tam bi ambient'e kayma olayı yok, biraz evvel bahsettiğim o karma etkileşimler içinde gidip gelen, kimi anlarda coşan (ghost, blackberry), kimi anlarındaysa daha bi durgunlaşan bi iş olmuş bu. durgunluğun da çeşitli halleri var elbet, örneğin monsoon'da floydvari bi yüreği sıkıştırma tadı varken albümü kapayan son iki parça, infinite ocean ve as you were'de daha alışılageldik ambient durgunluğu var. tabii bu şahane müzik üzerine birtakım hatun vokaller, üst üste bindirilmiş vokal melodileri ve townsend'in şekilden şekile giren vokal atraksiyonları mevzubahis. bana sorarsanız albümün gerdiği tek nokta süresi. gerçi parçalar birbirlerine akıyor, karışıyor, albüm bi bütün olarak dinleniyo daha çok ve öyle dinlenmesi de daha nitelikli sonuçlar ortaya çıkaracaktır muhakkak dinleyenler açısından; ancak devin burada bana kalırsa projenin ilk albümü ki'de düştüğü hataya bi kez daha düşmüş, fazla uzatmış. bir de ghost'un iki cd olma olasılığı vardı, ki halihazırda eylül'de ghost 2 adlı, bu albüme girmemiş ghost parçalarını barındıran bir albüm de çıkacak. yani devin kesmiş kesmesine de, anca bu kadar olmuş. olsun, abartılacak bi durum yok. güzel ya. çok güzel hatta. sakin böyle. kafa ağrıtmayan cinsten. hepten algıdan kaçan bi şey de değil ama. arada. güneş batıyo, sahilde uzanmışsın, dalgaların sesini duyuyosun misal. o şekil.
son yıllarda isveç'ten metal namına çıkmış en güzel şeylerden biri. şiddetle tavsiye edilir. dinleyiniz, dinletiniz. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13tih5op1rk
james hetfield'ın da onayını almışlar, ooh gönül rahatlığıyla dinleyebiliriz artık ehehe. ccc hetfield reyis. metallica's james hetfield says ghost is 'a breath of fresh air for metal' http://www.roadrunnerrecords.com/…newsitemid=160234
ilk albumleri icin konuscak olursak oldukca iyi is cikarmis grup. ilginc bir olusum gibi gorunse de esasinda, james hetfield'in bu gruptan "a breath of fresh air for metal" diye bahsetmesine pek anlam veremedim acikcasi. yani psychedelic ogeler ve az distortion'lu motorhead riff'leri, ozzy vokalleri ama nakaratlar da yine psychedelic melodili vokaller, bunlarin ustune satanic biseyler filan ekleyince guzel olmus tamam da ortaya cikan seye orijinal demek pek mumkun degil bence. opus eponymous isimli debut albumlerinin bence en guzel sarkisi elizabeth, muhtesem bir nakarat melodisi var. bunun haricinde cogu sarki da guzel acikcasi, satan prayer ve genesis mesela. ayrica kullandiklar klavye tonlari muhtesem, ben bu klavye islerinde pek anlamam ama naapmislar artik kilise orgunu rotary speaker'a filan takip mi boyle sesler elde etmisler bilemedim ama hakkaten super. neyse son olarak basarilarinin devamini diliyorum.
delicesine king diamond ve mercyful fate etkisi hissettigim isvec metal grubu. albumleri leziz.
şahane bir türkilizce ile özetlemek isterim bu muhteşem grubu; easy listening ama bir o kadar da dark, satanik ve catchy... ayrıca artık ne yazık ki baştaki gizemli kimliksizliği de ufak bir araştırmayla ortaya çıkıyor bu şahsın, isveçli repugnant grubunun vokali olan mary goore(hehe) ya da diğer (gerçek) adıyla tobias forge'dan başkası değil imiş. tabii helal olsun, o imaj, kostüm, makyaj şahane olmuş... hakkını verior gayet. tarz olarak mercyful fate / king diamond ekolüne çok yakın, daha modern ve yumuşak ama genel olarak. henüz klipleri yok. ama ileride kalıcı olur böyle giderlerse. şimdilik en iyi fikir bence şu; video sahne performansını çok güzel özetliyor, gördüğüm de en kaliteli bootleg çekimi, ses falan da süper, görüntü hd: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnwwjw5d_si not: 2:20'den sonra geliyor vokal sahneye, o vakte kadar eyes wide shut'taki maskeli balo sahnesinin müziği çaliür... devamı şahane zati, hit şarkıları con clavi con dio ve hemen akabinde elizabeth'i çalıyorlar... etkileyici bariz. meraklısına ek kaynaklar: http://ghost-official.com/ http://www.metal-archives.com/…157#band_tab_members http://www.metal-archives.com/…sts/mary_goore/13802 http://www.facebook.com/thebandghost
hellfest 2011'den yüksek kaliteli performansları; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrrztys5gu4
blabbermouth.net'ten alıntıdır. ghost forced to cancel u.s. tour - sep. 9, 2011 due to last-minute complications with securing their visas, swedish heavy rockers ghost will not be able to take part in the upcoming tour featuring enslaved and alcest. ghost cult leader "the ghoul with no name" (rumored to be repugnant/subvision's tobias forge, who takes the stage in the form of "a satanic pope") and his anonymous ghouls said in a statement: "we are sorry towards the other bands on the tour, enslaved and alcest. and we are most of all tremendously sorry towards all of our fans. this is truly beyond our control and we are making everything within our (his) powers to be able to come back to the u.s. as soon as possible and perform for all of you. our most malicious of wishes." ghost is continuing to support its debut album, "opus eponymous", which has been called "amazing" by stereogum and "a primer on the creation of melodic hard rock" by the big takeover. ghost floored music fans with its first u.s. shows and served notice that it is not only a "band to watch" but will be a force to be reckoned with for years to come. in its live review of ghost's new york city headlining show, the village voice called the group's performance "lurching and menacing", saying "ghost's sound is like heavy metal trapped in a state of suspended animation since 1973." a sneak peek at ghost performing live can be viewed now as the band was captured on film by a recent attendee of the band's black mass. check out the band performing the song "satan prayer" as part of its may 29 headlining set at the 2011 maryland deathfest below. ghost's "opus eponymous" is a daringly fascinating combination of satanic rock music merged with an almost unthinkable pop sensibility. enveloped in a shroud of mystery and standing anonymous beneath the painted faces, hoods and robes which their sect demand, the ghost deliver litanies of pulsating heavy rock and stimulating lyrics which "glorify and glamorize the disgusting and sacrilegious." the music and philosophies of ghost specifically target "individuals who have a void in their life perhaps caused by some form of emotional trauma or upset" (research suggests these are most likely adolescents); this dearth can then be alluringly filled by ghost's music and philosophies. professionally filmed video footage of ghost's performance at this year's hellfest, which took place june 17-19, 2011 in clisson, france, can be seen below. http://www.roadrunnerrecords.com/…newsitemid=163062
modern warfare 2 --spoiler-- ölümünün en çok üzdüğü oyun karakterlerinden biridir. --spoiler--
buckethead'in colma albümünde part 2'si de bulunan parçadır. 2 parça da ayrı güzelliktedir. insanı başka başka diyarlara, alemlere götürür. buckethead'in ne kadar özel, benzersiz bir müzisyen olduğu gösteren parçalardır.
orospu çocuğu shepherd tarafından vurulmuş ve roach ile birlikte diri diri yakılmıştır. oyundaki en baba karakterdi rahmetli. ruhu şad olsun.
çok mükemmel sesli vokalli grup... lakin öyle kötü bir isimlendirmeye gitmişler ki ne desem boş yahu... gerçekten saçma. yine de dinleyin bir parıltısı var.
homm 5'teki en sinir bozucu eleman. hem bunlar hemde upgrade edilmiş halleri olan spectre ve poltergeist aynı gıcık özelliğe sahip. vuruşların %60-70 kadarı boşa gidiyor. üstelik karşı vuruşu da yapıyor hayvan. orduda vampir gibi yaratıklar ya da fazla sayıda kuvvetli yaratık yoksa bulaşılmaması gerek bir yaratık bu (çünkü 50 tanesi 25 lich master ı alaşağı ediyor.uzaktan atışların hepsinin miss ile sonuçlanması, lichlerin dibie kadar gelen bu lavuklar, yakın dövüşte 3 tane miss daha ve hazin son)
harika bir vokaliste sahip grup. şu ana kadar çıkmış en iyi debut albümlerden birine imza attılar. yaklaşık 8-9 aydır dinliyorum. dinlemediğim hafta nadirdir. albümde boş denilebilecek bir parça yok. sound olarak bakarsak psychedelic rock veya doom severlerin seveceği bir grup. liriksel olarak ise bu tarz konuları hiçbir extreme olay olmadan işlemeler güzel, şahsen sevdim. şahsen black metal dinleyen biri değilim, black metal grupları extremelikten, kasıntılıktan ölecekler. bu tarz ve böyle vokalistlerin artması gerek. işlediğiniz konu aynı, alın şu adamlar gibi yapın diyesi geliyor insanın. kısaca en iyi debut albümlerden biri. albümün en öne çıkan şarkısı hiç kuşku yok ki, ritual. grup ileride efsane olursa ritual’de grubun bir başyapıtı olarak kabul edilir herhalde. elizabeth parçasına da ayrıca kulak kabartılmalı. ama dediğim gibi boş parça yok. opus eponymous (kendi adını taşıyan eser) tarzı bir albüm ismini bir de malt koymuştu. kendi adını taşıyan ilk albüm yapmıştı onlar. böyle şeyler güzel oluyor.
yeni albüm üzerinde çalışıyorlarmış ufaktan. bir de buralara gelseler. oh.
yeppisyeni albümü human again'den güzel bir ingrid michaelson şarkısı. dinlemek için sözleri de şu şekilde: do you remember when the walls fell do you remember the sound that the door made when you closed it on me do you know that i went down to the ground landed on both my broken-hearted knees i didn’t even cry 'cause pieces of me had already died i’m a ghost haunting these halls climbing up walls that i never knew were there and i’m lost broken down the middle of my heart, heart i’m broken down the middle of my heart, heart, heart you know you make me a ghost you make me a ghost i’m an invisible disaster i keep trying to walk but my feet don’t find the solid ground it’s like living in a bad dream i keep trying to scream but my tongue has finally lost its sound i’ve got to say goodbye to the pieces of me that have already died i’m a ghost haunting these halls climbing these walls that i never knew were there and i’m lost broken down the middle of my heart, heart i’m broken down the middle of my heart, heart, heart you know you make me a ghost oh, you make me a ghost you make me a ghost (you take the breath all away from me, you take it away) you make me a ghost i don’t cry i don’t try anymore i’m a ghost i’m a ghost and i’m lost broken down the middle of my heart, heart i’m broken down the middle i’m a ghost haunting these halls climbing up walls that i never knew were there and i’m lost broken down the middle of my heart, heart i’m broken down the middle of my heart, heart, heart you know you make me a ghost you make me a ghost
tv8'de yayınlıyorlar şu anda. hayatımın şarkısını barındırır içinde. bayıla bayıla izlediğim, her ne kadar saçma gelse de ard arda 100 kere izleyebilirim. hayatımın şarkısı için; ben sekizinci henry! sekizinci henry benim! cadı komşumla evliyim, daha önce yedi kere evlenmiş! herkes bana henry diyor, billy ya da sam değil! ben sekizinci henry... yirim.
yeni nesil mercyful fate olabilir. ama bir king diamond değil. ama güzel mi? değil. şahane ulan!
kendini koskocaman bir hic hissettigin, hatta hicbir sey bile hissedemedigin, aglayamadigin zamanlar icin yazilmis bir ingrid michaelson sarkisi.. cok guzel. en cok dokunan kismi da surasi: do you know that i went down to the ground landed on both my broken-hearted knees i didn’t even cry.. su canli performans da kesinlikle izlenmeli bence. ve 3:17'e dikkat! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enj_ggra6l0
tarihin en overrated filmlerinden biri. tamam zamanında izlemesi epey keyifli olabilirdi, hani çocukken falan sürekli tv ekranlarında görürdük ama gerçekten 1990 senesinin en çok iş yapan filmi olması tuhaf bir yandan. üstüne bir de filmin aldığı oscarlar ve oscar adaylıkları var ki küçük dili yutma hadisesine epey yaklaşırız. bir kere whoopi goldberg dışında bu filmin herhangi bir ödül potansiyeli yoktur ki en iyi yardımcı kadın oyuncu ödülünü alan goldberg'i tebrik ederim. yine de mesela wild at heart'taki diane ladd da adaydı. ama şu filmin aldığı en iyi orijinal senaryo ödülünü kimse bana savunamaz. woody allen'in alice filmi ve peter weir'in green card'ı da adaylar arasında üstelik. hani şu filmin bu iki filmden daha iyi bir senaryosu olduğuna kim inanır? madem romantik bir filme oscar verecektiniz gerçekten aday olan green card veya aday olmayan pretty woman'ın ne günahı vardı? bir de film en iyi film dalında adaylık almış. yani aynı sene bir de goodfellas en iyi film adayı ki iki filmi yanyana koymak da büyük başarı. dahası o sene gösterime giren ve aday olmayan ingilizce filmlere bir bakalım: alice, the comfort of strangers, edward scissorhands, flatliners, green card, the grifters, henry portrait of a serial killer, misery, pretty woman, the sheltering sky, reversal of fortune, wild at heart, state of grace, vincent and theo... insan kocaman bir yuh! çekmeden edemiyor.
yaz geldiğinden midir bilmem ama kostüm değişikliğine gitmiş müthiş grup. yalnız artık şu 2. albüm için en azından bir detay falan bir şey açıklasalar güzel olur. bahsettiğim yeni kostüm değişimi; http://imgur.com/bkokm http://imgur.com/ms96c http://imgur.com/b8xzn
son entrisini 9 yıl önce girmiş bir ekşi sözlük yazarı.
an itibariyle tv8'de bitmiş olan film. kendisini 7 eylül 2012 hollanda türkiye maçı'nın ikinci yarısına tercih ettim ayrıca. ayrıca bir insan bu kadar güzel tek gözle ağlayamaz *.
film olan ghost'ta iki şey aklıma kazınmıştır. birincisi demi moore'un kısa saçları, ikincisi de metro. arkadaş oradaki metroya ne kadar özenmiştim zamanında. hüzünlendim... demi moore'un aşk acısı çektiği film diyelim.
filmde kötü insanlar öldüğünde ruhlarını almaya gelen gölgemsi şeyler ve özelliklede çıkardıkları seslerle zamanında ürkütücü de olabilmiş(en azından benim o zamanlarki yaş grubum için) ama bu yönüyle bi gulyabani de olmayan, daha çok unchained melody'li aşk sahneleri ve en çok da bozuk paranın havada süzüldüğü sahne ile hafızama kazınmış enfes film.
eğlenceli bir skip the use şarkısı. sözleri : time is running out ghost keeping me alive i get what it means you have to survive eight o' clock in the morning to hard to give, to hard to live i can't stop dreaming do you know what i'm in you make up your angry eyes you stay hidden but i see you smile i wanna stay inside your arms i want to feel fine (you have to survive) twenty minutes and i'm ready it's not raining today i'm late and i must hurry welcome to my way (you have to survive) i don't wanna wet us i'm sorry it's not raining today kill the light i can see time is running out ghost keeping me alive i get what it means you have to survive (x2) you know i'm on the road we are playing tonight ever since this morning your kiss is on my skin what's again tonight? will you talk to me? you know i need you to make it real time is running out ghost keeping me alive i get what it means you have to survive (x2) (you have to survive) ad lib you gonna die, die, die i get, i get what they're saying to me i gotta smile, smile, smile forget, forget, forget it i wanna be come inside my world live the gun outside i've got the words let them blow your mind it's a lie lie lie i get i get what the story will be you gotta try try try escape, escape, escape your misery stop the motion i got the solution wake up, focus, (thrive?) and get free time is running out ghost keeping me alive i get what it means you have to survive (x2)
öz hakiki symantec ghost programı burada bulunmaktadır.
son zamanlarda keşfettiğim en güzel main riff'i barındırdan şarkı. ayrıca dinlediğim en iyi albüm açılışlarından, nakaratla şarkıya başlamak inanılmaz iyi gitmiş.
ingiliz producer.. http://www.facebook.com/ghostukproducer http://ghost.bandcamp.com/merch
kuru kafalı maskesi ile kendimi gördüğüm cod:mw2 karakteridir. --- spoiler --- beraber yanarak öldüğümüz sahnede, hele ki o, benim içinde oldğum çukura atılırken kolunun bacağının sallanması ile yüreğim fena burkulmuştur. beraber yandık bu adamla öldük ya nböyle bir senaryo mu olur abi, oyun mu oynuyoruz bunalıma mı giriyoruz amk? --- spoiler ---
oyun içindeki asıl ismi simon rileydir. http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/…n_riley_mw2g.png tipide buymuş. o kurukafalı maskesinden bulabilmek için tırmalamadığım mecra kalmadı.
2013'de çıkacak yeni albümlerinden ilk single secular haze: http://www.youtube.com/…er_detailpage&v=tn2gcjph0hw
(bkz: secular haze)
şu aralar isveçte erasmus yapan bir arkadaşımın dediğine göre sokaktaki 3 isveçliden 3'ünün de haberinin olmadığı grup. vayemenike biz de isveçlileri güzel müziğe sahip çıkan insanlar zannederdir.
bahar 2013'te çıkacak ikinci albümlerinin adı infestissumam olacakmış. merakla bekliyoruz.
belki de 13-14 sene aradan sonra yeniden izlediğim film. o zamanlar da muhtemelen parliament pazar gecesi sineması kuşağında izlemiştim, hatta o kapı yüzeyinde madeni parayı hareket ettirme ve sam'in oda mae'nin bedeninin içine girerek molly'le öpüşüp oynaştığı sahneler vardı bir tek aklımın bir köşesinde, çok eski. elbette ki 90'ların filmi olduğu için büyük bir hatrı var bu filmin bende, yoksa 2000 hatta 2010'larda çekilmiş olsa küfrü basmıştım. film ilginç bir şekilde de 'gerçek hayatta bitirilmemiş işlerin olduğu' gibi bir düşünceyi masaya yatırıyor, yani sam karakterinin arafta -ya da iki dünya arası mı diyelim?- kalması ve ölümüne sebep olan olayları çözmeye çalışması falan... bir de şu, gerçek hayatta kötülük yapıp öldükten sonra ruhun gulyabaniler mi ne onlar tarafından kaçırılması olayı sevap-günah ikilisi konusunda bir fikir verebiliyor. filmi tabii çoook eskiden seyretmiş olduğum için sonunda "aha sam canlanacak!" ve "aha öldüğü sahneye geri dönecek, aslında ölmemiş!" gibi düşünmedim değil; ancak sam gitti, öylece gitti... öbür tarafa. hafızamda da o meşhur çamurdan seramik yapımı sahnesi tazelenmiş oldu iyi oldu. ama yani şu eleştiriyi de yapmadan edemiycem, içimde kaldı: --- spoiler --- ulan carl! ulan carl! adamın ofisinde bilgisayarda sam'in hayaleti klavyeyi kullanarak ekranda yazı yazıyor, adam bomboş ofiste, "kim var orada? kim yapıyor bunu?" diye bağırıyor. klavye tuşları gözünün önünde oynuyor ama. ulan pezevenk! o zamanda onu hayaletten, ruhtan başka yapacak bir teknoloji mi var, it?! --- spoiler --- şimdi bir de carl'ı oynayan tony goldwyn'i arattım; adam "dexter"da 1. sezondaki psikopat psikolog dr. emmett meridian çıktı ya la?! imdb'yi de ayrıca kınıyorum! filmin en büyük starı whoopi goldberg, ama filmin ana sayfasındaki oyuncu listesinde gözükmüyor, detaylı listede var. ayıp ulan! şimdi zenci ayrımcılığı yapmışsınız diycem kötü olucam...
