bir tenth planetin şarkısı olan var , bir de beady belle inki var. birbirinden süper alakasız olan bu iki şarkının ortak özelliği vokal harikası ve süper sözlü şarkılar olmaları.
tenth planetinkinin sözlerinin bi kısmı: just when i think on my own when i've broken every door the ghosts of my life are louder than before just when i thought i could not be stopped when my chance came true the ghosts of my life they bring up memories all my time, all my tears
ayrıca micheal jackson un başrolünü oynadığı bir filmin adı.
basslarla davulun mukemmel bir uyum icinde oldugu beady belle eseri.
ghosts and spooks and maybe you şeklinde çözülememiş bir ükte
paul austerın new york üçlemesinin ikinci kitabı.blacki izlemesi için white tarafından tutulan blue adlı özel dedektifin hikayesi.kimin kimi izlediği daha sonra bir muamma oluyor fakat.çabucak okunan ,okurken sersem eden,bitirdiğinizde ne anladım ben doğru mu ki acaba anladığım dedirten kitap.
domain name'leri ip'ye çevirmek için kullanılan hosts dosyasının evrim geçirmiş hali.
requiem for a dream'in soundtrackinden bir diğer clint mansell ve kronos quartet güzelliği...
1974 tarihli bir the strawbs albümü.! albüme adını veren parça ise şudur, sweet dreams go to sleep my babies don't you wake up the stars will keep you company so close your eyes old uncle moon will shine his dearest sweetest dreams and hold you in your arms until the morning comes. night light dark the night, not a sound damp and cold, frosty ground above your head the lion screams to tear you from your moonlit dreams. damp with sweat, mouth is dry twisted branches catch the eye beside your bed the angel stands you cannot touch his withered hands. guardian angel as the lion's eyes dance before me they are kindly yet bloody red i can see that he is smiling but i cannot live inside his head. there the needle stands before me i climb inside it towards the light where the angel stands in glory his sword of peace defends the night. so the world is spread before as i fly high on angel wings but the angel is deceiving for he is weeping as he sings. night light early birds, morning breeze spinning leaves, sleepy trees gently tap the window pane it's good to see the sun again.
michael jackson'ın pek güzel klipli, güzel şarkısı. there's a ghost down in the hall there's a ghoul under the bed there's something in the walls there's blood up on the stairs and it's floating through the room and there's nothing i can see and i know that that's the truth because now it's onto me. i don't understand it hey! i don't understand it! aaow! there's a tappin' in the floor there's a creak behind the door there's a rocking in the chair but there's no-one sitting there there's a ghostly smell around but nobody to be found and a coughin' and a yawnin' where a restless soul is going don't understand it hey! don't understand it hey. and who gave you the right to shake my family? and who gave you the right to shake my baby, she needs me and who gave you the right to shake my family tree? you put a knife in my back shot an arrow in me! tell me are you the ghost of jealousy the ghost of jealousy there's a tappin in the floor there's a creak behind the door there's a rocking in the chair but nobody's sitting there there's a ghostly smell around but nobody to be found and a coughin' and a yawnin' where a restless soul is going don't understand it! yeah yeah! don't understand it! your just a dog gone! aaow! and who gave you the right to scare my family? and who gave you the right to scare my baby, she needs me and who gave you the right to shake my family tree? and who gave you the right to take intrusion, to see me? and who gave you the right to shake my family? and who gave you the right to hurt my baby, she needs me and who gave you the right to shake my family tree? you put a knife in my back, shot an arrow in me! tell me are you the ghost of jealousy a suckin' ghost of jealousy aaow! and who gave you the right to shake my family? and who gave you the right to shake my baby, she needs me and who gave you the right to shake my family tree? and who gave you the right to take, intrusion to see me? and who gave you the right to hurt my family? and who gave you the right to hurt my baby, she needs me and who gave you the right to shake my family tree? you put a knife in my back shot an arrow in me! tell me are you the ghost of jealousy the ghost of jealousy.
ghostun çoğulu..
turkce'ye hayaletler olarak cevrilmis paul auster eseri.
uclemenin diger kitaplari: (bkz: city of glass) * (bkz: the locked room) *
turkce'ye hortlaklar olarak cevrilmis henrik ibsen oyunu.
klibini isteyen olursa takas edebileceğim parça (bkz: beady belle)
süper beady belle * sarkisi i fall into your trashbin once again same kind of story i know what' happened every time before still i want more i wonder who and what i'm fighting for maybe it's you i'm maybe better off oblivious too while they're having fun with you i've heard of your ghosts why won't they let you go? i've heard of your ghosts why won't they let us get on with our love? i'm coming to your rescue once again it always happens though i don't know what to save you from and why i never see them come i've heard that you hang out with your old friends again always doing something what can i do to stop them hunting you again? disappear into the blues
home un başlangıç şarkısıdır.beady belle sevmeye yetecek kadar güzel bir şarkıdır.
beady belle'nin uçtuğu uçarken bizi de yanında götürdüğü saydam şarkısı..
beady belle i birçoklarıyla tanıştıran ve vazgeçilmezler listesine koyan şarkıdır...
adami derününden vuran logh sarkisi: i'm writing reports of the days and the nights, locked up for years in a measure of mind, when with a net of nothing i was trying to catch the motions of a mind and the methods of a crime i never saw the chance and never what i held in my hands the lights are all red in this town where i'm killed by exhausts and alcohols that dry out my skin i never had a clue of the role that i played, but that's the condition and the price that we pay i never saw the chance and never what i held in my hands
"first of all there is blue. later there is white, and then there is black, and before the beginning there is brown.." acılısı ile daha ilk cumleden hayran bırakan paul auster saheseri. ayrıca, brooklyn ve orange street e derin merak uyandırmakta.
karakterlerinin isimleri (mr.blue, mr.white, mr.black) açısından reservoir dogs u hatırlatan paul auster kitabı. olayların 1947'de geçmesi, dedektif öyküsü, ve mr.blue nun izlediği filmler (bkz: out of the past) öykünün sinemayla olan ilişkisine ve film noir a işaret eder. kafalarda varoluşla, kimlikle ve hayatla ilgili birçok soru uyandıran bir kitaptır.
26 mayıs 2004 beady belle konseri'nin en iyi sarkısıydı...aglattı...
cold house'un fire in the rain'iyle arka arkaya dinlendiğinde göz yaşartıcı bomba etkisi yapar bu eşsiz beady belle şarkısı.
beady belle'nin ghost'u (maykılın ghost'unu da dinlemedim ve hakkında laflar hazirlamadim sanmayin) her ne kadar future jazz olarak adlandırılsa da gayet acid jazz şarkısıdır.acid jazz'ın tanımında ne yazıyorsa odur şarkı,pardon yani.zaten future jazz deyince insanin aklkına aleminyum kiyafetler içinde bas gitar çalan,piyano tuşlayan insanlar geliyor ki ilenç olsun öyle insanlara.. neyse efendim bu şarkı ilk kez müzik piyasasina 2001 yılında çıkmış ve single (45lik misali) olarak "lose and win" adlı şarkıyla beraber basılmış ve radyo djlerine gönderilmiştir..muhakkak klibi dahi vardır bu farkedilmemiş şarkının (underrated).ben izlemedim hakkında yalandan beyanda bulunamayacağım "klibindeki kizin çok garip baktığı,bana insan isteyince nasıl klip çekiliyor dedirten şarkı" şeklinde affınıza sığınayım. eğer yanlış anlamadıysam şarkıda "sevgilim sen iyi biriydin lakin arkadaşların kötüydü" teması işlenmiş.bu hayalet avcizi belle kizimiz da asla hayaletlerden korkmaz "sesini duyuyorum yoksa hayalet misin?" edası ile manyak bir şekilde dolaşırmış.niye rivayet ediliyorsa bunlar bana mişli muşlu. neysem ne şarkı acid jazz dinleyenlerin çok seveceklerine emin olduğum bir şarkı.hatta new order,radiohead(amnesiac sonrasi cilgin donemler) tayfası da şarkıyı çok sevecek..sever..severim..
1999 yilinda piyasaya sürülen harika rage albümü... "peavy" wagner - vocals, bass christian wolff - piano, keys (guest) sven fischer - guitar spiros efthimiadis - guitar chris efthimiadis - drums victor smolski - additional guitars 01. beginning of the end 02. back in time 03. ghosts 04. wash my sins away 05. fear 06. love and fear unite 07. vanished in haze 08. spiritual awakening 09. love after death 10. more than a lifetime 11. tomorrows yesterday 12. end of eternity (bonustrack) 13. six feet under ground (bonustrack)
albüme adini veren rage parçasinin sözleri de söyle... my friend, i'm with you i'm watching every step you do i try to guard your way they're all around me the ones you're missing in your life we're never gone, no way we're all around you, everywhere just d o believe and be aware it's all arranged for us this way this is a world, that's next to yours you can't see us, we can see you the soul lives on, we're ghosts my friend, no fear now this is a part of the plan we have to let it go it's temporarily the shape just shows the status quo the level of the soul we're all around you..... hey, this is new, it is what i have to do now give me strength to face it time - let me learn, getting higher, get the turn i'm getting closer to you we're all around you
robbie williams'ın intensive care albümünün açılış şarkısı. here i stand victorious the only man who made you come when you cried, you cried for us and when we died, you died alone gravity's calling don't go home where are we did what i could for one of us i always thought it was for you and when i lied oh i lied for us because you never heard the truth i am lying alone tonight don't go home where are we if we are ghosts (a long long time ago) it looks like we could have made it baby we are ghosts (a long long time) me and you we are ghosts (a long long time ago) we could have made it we are ghosts (a long long time) me and you (ago) look at the time its taken me to get away from what was said i'll never leave i'll always love you know that all those words are dead buried in yours tonight move aside i'm taking you home on the radio she was that summer song packing them in making them dance a law of her own taking the time to sing it i don't need you but i'm lost i'm lost without you tonight have you no heart where are we (everybody sing it) ghosts we love like ghosts we are ghosts they're taking down our satellite we are ghosts josephine i'll follow your star tonight we are ghosts if not tonight then when will she say (everybody sing it) we're not ghosts
klipteki/filmdeki dans eden iskelet sekansiyla kultlesmis sarki/film. filmden bahsedilirse eger, senaryounu stephen king'in yazdigi kisa filmdir. michael jackson kendisine gayet yakisan bir karakteri canlandirmakta ondan hesap sormaya, olani biteni ogrenmeye calisan ve bunun icin malikanesine gelen komsularini korkutmaktadir.
beady belle yorumunu dinlerken sürekli aşina bir duygu hissettiren, jazz'ın en melodik haliyle bünyeden bünyeye değişen "hüzünlensem mi, yok yok heyecanlansam mı" parçası...
chris cornell'in carry on albumunden umut vadeden bir parca.
antimatter'ın leaving eden albümünün üç numarası.. all the faces on the photographs have changed to not confuse it all, the names remain the same should i wait or let the past just fall? the whispers are veiled should you try to realign some day you may find that there was nothing anyway is it me or did we all get bored insane? playing the game i'm peering through the holes been digging through the dirt trying to save the small yesterdays
2006 yapımı bir nick broomfield belgeseli. ingiltere'deki kacak iscilerin durumunu (cinliler ozelinde) basarılı bir empatik yapi icerisinde, son derece basarili sekilde veriyor. cinli kacak iscilerin bireysel trajedileri kadar kuresel uretim-tuketim dongusunu hissettirmeyi de basariyor.
carry on albümünden bir chris cornell parçası. i know what your looking for you've looked in these eyes before and all you saw was blue-green water searching for a mirror that would show the world not who you are but who you want to be and you thought you'd find that one in me but it's been a long time since i heard that name he doesn't live here anymore don't know where he's residing you can wait here if you want but i don't think he's coming back he doesn't live here anymore should you find the right place same old place you knew before but that won't change what hides behind the door and what lies underneath and the change from the inside out he doesn't live here anymore don't know where he's residing i think it's better if you go 'cause i don't want him coming back yes i know the name sounds a little bit familiar like a melody to a dream yes i know he wore the same face the same clothes but that was so long ago i know who you want to find somewhere is the memory of somebody i left behind well let's take it all in stride it's that time to say goodbye he doesn't live here anymore
(bkz: ghosts i iv)
laura marling'in alas i cannot swim albumunden insanin icini isitan bir sarkisi. biri sozlerini sey etse de tam olsa...
muhteşem bir laura marling eseri. buyrun sözleri; he walked down a busy street staring solely at his feet clutching pictures of past lovers at his side stood at the table where she sat and removed his hat in respect of her presence presents her with the pictures and says these are just ghosts that broke my heart before i met you. these are just ghosts that broke my heart before i met you opened up his little heart unlocked the lock that kept it dark and read a written warning saying im still mourning over ghosts over ghosts over ghosts over ghosts that broke my heart before i met you lover, please do not fall to your knees its not like i believe in everlasting love he went crazy at nineteen said hed lost all his self esteem and couldnt understand why he was crying, crying, cryyiiing... he would stare at empty chairs think of the ghosts who once sat there the ghosts that broke his heart. oh the ghosts that broke my heart the ghosts that broke his heart oh the ghosts that broke my heart the ghosts the ghosts the ghosts the ghosts the ghosts the ghosts the ghosts that broke my heart before i met you lover, please do not fall to your knees its not like i believe in everlasting love he says im so lost, not at all well ooooooooooohhh do as done and there is nothing left to be turned out id been following him and he'd been following me do as done after it was over we were just two lovers crying on each others shoulder lover, please do not fall to your knees its not like i believe in everlasting love lover, please do not fall to your knees its not like i believe in everlasting love
ladytron'un 2008 çıkışlı velocifero albümünün en güzel şarkılarından biri. sözleri: in the first days of the springtime made you a prince with a thousand enemies made a trail of a thousand tears made you prisoner inside your own secrecy there’s a ghost in me who wants to say i’m sorry doesn’t mean i’m sorry at the first hour of the springtime made you a prince with a thousand enemies now i see you from the corner clock strikes and i know you will be drinking alone there’s a ghost in me who wants to say i’m sorry doesn’t mean i’m sorry
londrali indie/pop tarzinda muzik yapan grup. simon pettigrew (vocals/guitar) jonny harris (drums) mark treasure (keyboard) robbie smith (bass) ilk albumlerini 2007 de cikarmislar. (bkz: the world is outside)
klibindeki mahalle sakinlerinin lideri konumundaki siskonun da michael jackson tarafından canlandırıldıgını gormemle beni gecenin bi vakti dumurlara kosturmus sarkı. bi de sasırmıstım sisko da cok iyi dansedince, helal olsun siskoloza demiştim tıpkı bir anane gibi.
michael jackson'ın insan olmadığını kanıtlayan şeylerden biri, evet söylüyorum sıkı durun; klipteki koreografiyi en küçük ayrıntısına kadar kendisinin hazırlamış olması, her izleyişimde ağzımı çenemi yerlerden arayarak topluyorum, ulan hem gırtlağın hem sesin iyi olsun şarkı söyle, arkanda dans eden hayatını bundan kazanan insanlardan daha iyi dans et onlara ders ver, bir de yönetmenlik yap ona buna karış, bir de tüm sevimliliğinle mütevazı kalmaya devam et, yok yok kesin insan değil, herneyse konu dağıldı, sonuç olarak ghosts süper bir şarkı ve filmi ondan da güzel.diğer değineceğim konu ise: ghosts'da da olduğu gibi michael'ın öcülerden hem korkup hem zevk alması sanırım küçükken babasının korkunç bir maskeyle odaya girip onu korkutması ve akabinde dilinin tutulmasına neden olmasıyla alakalı, hani hem çok korkarsın hem de aynısını yapmak istersin öyle bişi sanırım, çocuğa ondan sora bişiler olmuş, thriller da bunun diğer örneklerinden biri.
michael jackson 5 farklı rolde oynamıştır. bu kimilerine göre sinema dünyasında farklı açılımlar yapmış, standartları yukarı çekmiş bir olaydır. filmin yönetmenliğini stan winston yapmıştır.
(bkz: fanfarlo) they stayed put in their houses or moved to higher grounds there are ghosts by the reservoir no one wants them round any more they’ve put a spell for the dam to break they’ll tell you all about the day when it came what it took away in 1922 it caused a drought it caused a flood it came to change us all for good do i look like someone? i’ve heard the voices through the floor in a strange cold language they’re planning out a war so tap into the mainline and tell me all the secrets of a world you once lived in that your heart could not swallow the sky is so shallow it’s late, you’ve been working hard drive down to the reservoir it caused a drought it caused a flood it came to change us all for good despite the years they’re still around have we fallen out for good?
anlaşılması zor, kara film tadında paul auster romanı. new york üçlemesi nin ikinci halkası. okuduktan sonra başlayan tatminsizlik sonradan yerini garip duygulara bırakıyor. romandaki olaylar, karakterler, akla gelip gelip duruyor. konusunu "bir adamı izlemesi için görev verilen bir dedektifin iç dünyası" olarak güdükçe açıklamak mümkün. --- spoiler --- mavi'nin kafayı sıyırıp siyahı öldüresiye dövmesi (belki öldürmesi) bizi hikayenin çözümünden alıkoyuyor. mavi, siyah'ın notlarını ele geçirip kendisi toparlıyor. beyaz'ın (yani siyah'ın) neden mavi'yi görev için tuttuğu, hikayede öldürülen çocuğun kapladığı yüzölçüm, mavi'nin babası vs gizemini koruyor. --- spoiler ---
bir the hundred in the hands şarkısı. oldukça hoş bir parça, özellikle alkış efektleri etkileyici. sözleri : i spit a fierce confusion amok, i kick sick with the flies the demons are all in collusion the young boys all fires and lies i'm caught in the quip and commotion my body a senseless device stirred by a faithless devotion my heart beats the footsteps of mice i snap back only for a moment, and i simmer right down it's you, me the lonely left in motion and this our ghost town mostly i don't seem to slow down skulls roll in my wake i run i snap back only for a moment, and i simmer right down it's you, me the lonely left in motion and this our ghost town
aynı zamanda lois and clark the new adventures of superman dördüncü sezon dokuzuncu bölümünün adı.
aynı zamanda everwood dördüncü sezon onuncu bölümünün adı.
the ghosts isimli yeni bir grubun çok hoş şarkısıdır dinlemek isteyenlere için; http://www.youtube.com/…=my_liked_videos&playnext=1 sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun; caught in a turnaround turnaround and there are my enemies they're moving around my feet and freezing when i look at them teasing frustrating me with taunts of my inertia. i've considered all this i'm not the only one who fights them. caught in a turn around turnaround and there is no one so i rest on my laurels whatever they are but i wait too long then when i turn around there are my enemies who stare at me whispering taunts of my inadequacy and i know them help me all i need is just a little light to guide me but i won't come over now because you're as bad as me for hiding when you were much younger you would always keep the lights on but now there's only darkness and loneliness and waiting for the...ghosts ghosts ghosts that come into your life and go ghosts that come into your life and go. caught in a turnaround turnaround and there is nothing but a moment of rest and that at best so i won't dwell too long. there in the black behind the glass a breath of fresh air if i could act i'd be with you and not just stand there. help me all i need is but a word or two of guidance i won't come over now because you're as bad as me for fighting when we were together you would always leave the lights on but now there's only darkness and loneliness and waiting for the...ghosts ghosts ghosts that come into your life and go ghosts that come into your life and go. i hope the ghosts that come keep you happy!
kimse nasıl yazmamış lan, '82 japan performansı şahane bunun. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zzlu1ato2w
kimsenin yazmamış olduğuna şaşırdığım, echobrainin şahane şarkısıdır, sözleri de şöyledir: stone touch so rare in the air stolen but still puts up a fight when the days sing blasé hopefully estranged here i am strained in this strange love i find you whip me with my own desire catching the ashes of the fire will i find love tonight? you are the fire of tonight why am i here? you have all the strength to lose i am struggling you say, stay, stay you live on through all the suffering through today asked to leave your love cause my heart always too far so we are... we are ghosts we are ghosts
yeni monolake albümü. iki değerlendirme yazısı: şurada (beatsperminute) ve şurada (popmatters)
bir florence and the machine sarkisi. i'm not calling you a liar, just don't lie to me i'm not calling you a thief, just don't steal from me i'm not calling you a ghost, just stop haunting me and i love you so much, i'm gonna let you kill me there's a ghost in my lungs and it sighs in my sleep wraps itself around my tounge as it softly speaks then it walks, then it walks with my legs to fall, to fall, to fall at your feet there but for the grace of god go i and when you kiss me, i am happy enough to die i'm not calling you a liar, just don't lie to me and i love you so much, i'm gonna let you i'm not calling you a thief, just don't and i love you so much, i'm gonna let you i'm not calling you a ghost, just stop there's a ghost in my mouth and it talks in my sleep wraps itself around my tongue as it softly speaks then it walks. then it walks, then it walks with my legs to fall, to fall, to fall, to fall to fall, to fall to fall, to fall, to fall, to fall, to fall, to fall, at your feet there but for the grace of god go i and when you kiss me, i am happy enough
the ghosts isimli müzik grubunun şükela parçası. http://vimeo.com/36935749
modwheelmood remix'i orjinalinden daha güzel olan ve saatlerce dinlenebilen ladytron şarkısı. there's a ghost in me who wants to say "i'm sorry" doesn't mean i'm sorry.
the presets'in fifa 13 soundtrack'inde yer alan leziz parçası. benim için en güzel fifa 13 parçasıdır. http://www.youtube.com/…bedded&v=ldbv1y5iae8#at=116 oooo ooo oooooo oooo oooo ooo oooooo oooo once i was a very young man, and very young man are none to clever sailed across to faraway lands and farway towns of tin an terror ran amok in a strip called love lost my mind in the streets of neon now i’m coming on back help me up move right, left foot forward oh we had a merry old time, but merry old times don’t count for nothing cocaine, song and women and wine memories blur and they make me shudder bed in the morning, eight, four, five, couple of days to get my head off now i’m comming on back help me up move right left foot forward to gho gho gho gho gho gho gho (oooo ooo oooooo oooo) i’m troubled by gho gho gho gho gho gho ghosts in heaven oooo ooo oooooo oooo far below the shiniest stars, shiniest stars won’t shine for ever take your soul and you can go far, if you don’t fall from grace of favor golder weights are those who star you can take now and i’ll take never now i’m comming on back help me up move right left foot forward to gho gho gho gho ghooo gho gho (oooo ooo oooooo oooo) i’m troubled by gho gho gho gho gho gho ghosts in heaven oooo ooo oooooo oooo gho gho gho gho ghooo gho gho i’m troubled by gho gho gho gho gho gho ghosts in heaven oooo ooo oooooo oooo oooo ooo oooooo oooo soon i’ll be a very old man, and very old men they dream of summers spent with falls in faraway clans while hometown crowds sing hymns of courage ran amok in a stri? called love lost my mind in the streets of neon now i’m coming on home help me up move right left foot forward [lyrics to ghosts performed by the presets] first seen on lyricspremiere.com read more: http://www.lyricspremiere.com/…s.html#ixzz2ahuwyw9w
deftones'un orjinalinden daha iyi cover'ını yaptığı bir parça.
robbie williams'ın arada kaynayan güzel şarkılarından biri.
mükemmel sesli james vincent mcmorrow'un mükemmel bir şarkısı. sözleri de şöyledir: the moon holds the light and the moon's this spinning globe shedding light upon the road the bird won't fly and a bird without its wings is a low and tragic thing we are ghosts we are ghosts amongst these hills from the trees around and green to the ground beneath our feet we are ghosts we are ghosts amongst these hills pressing out along the shore pressing out along the shore the mountain song matters not the thoughts of thirds matters only to be heard and though i'm gone i will come again in spring when the harvest can begin we are ghosts we are ghosts amongst these hills from the trees of velvet green to the ground beneath our feet we are ghosts we are ghosts amongst these hills pressing out along the shore pressing out along the shore
