motley crue grubunun aynı adlı albumunde yer alan klibinde ta$ gibi hatunların dansettigi $arkıları. friday night and i need a fight my motorcycle and a switchblade knife handful of grease in my hair feels right but what i need to get me tight are girls, girls, girls long legs and burgundy lips girls, girls, girls dancin' down on the sunset strip girls, girls, girls red lips, fingertips trick or treat--sweet to eat on halloween and new year's eve yankee girls ya just can't be beat but you're the best when you're off their feet girls, girls, girls at the dollhouse in ft. lauderdale girls, girls, girls rocking in atlanta at tattletails girls, girls, girls raising hell at the 7th veil have you read the news in the soho tribune ya know she did me well then she broke my heart i'm such a good good boy i just need a new toy i tell ya what, girl dance for me, i'll keep you overemployed just tell me a story you know the one i mean crazy horse, paris, france forget the names, remember romance i got the photos, a ménage á trois musta broke those frenchies laws with those girls, girls, girls body shop, marble arch girls, girls, girls tropicana's where i lost my heart girls, girls, girls
"kızlar, kızlar, kızlar" şeklinde türkçe anlama çevrilen muhtemelen kız delisi birinin söyleyebileceği sözlerden..
(bkz: boys boys boys)
(bkz: girls on my mind)
jay z'nin blueprint albumunun klibi cekilen saheseri...
caravan'ın abazan tayfasının favori gaz parçası... bir nevi masturbator...
(bkz: 80leri özlemek)
napolyon un elini ceketinin arasından çıkartıp pantolununa sokmasıyla söyleyebileceği muhtemel cümle.
bir zamanların efsanevi crash crew klasiği, şimdilerde jay z denen goril tarafından iğrenç biçime sokulmuş hali, yine de bu versiyonun background'u sağlam. (bkz: gangstalaştım hafiften)
eğlenceli bir klibe sahip, solistin yine de klipteki kızlara kar$ı mesafeli takıldığı iyi $arkı...
aynı zamanda bir elvis presley şarkısı; (girls! girls! girls!) girls, goin' swimming, girl, in bikinis, a walkin' and wigglin' by, yay, yay, yay girls, on the beaches, girls, oh, what a peaches, so pretty, lord i could cry i'm just a red blooded boy and i can't stop thinkin' about girls, sailin' sailboats, girls, water skiin', they'll drive me out of my mind, yay, yay, yay girls, big and brassy, girls, small and sassy, just give me one of each kind i'm just a red blooded boy and i can't stop thinkin' about girls! girls! girls! girls! and when i pick up a sandwich too much a crunchy crunchety a crunchety crunch i never ever get to finish my lunch because there's always bound to be a bunch of girls, in tight sweaters, girls, in short dresses, a walkin' and wigglin' by, yay, yay, yay girls, out boatin' girls, just a floatin' so pretty, lord i could cry. i'm just a red blooded boy and i can't stop thinkin' about girls! girls! girls! girls! girls! girls!
[jay-z] girls i love you.. i love all y'all hehehe, hehehe, f'real [biz] i love girls, girls, girls, girls girls, i do adore [jay] yo put your number on this paper cause i would love to date ya holla at ya when i come off tour, yeah [jay-z] i got this spanish chica, she don't like me to roam so she call me cabron plus marricon said she likes to cook rice so she likes me home i'm like, "un momento" - mami, slow up your tempo i got this black chick, she don't know how to act always talkin out her neck, makin her fingers snap she like, "listen jigga man, i don't care if you rap you better - r-e-s-p-e-c-t me" i got this french chick that love to french kiss she thinks she's bo derek, wear her hair in a twist my, cherie amor, t£ est belle merci, you fine as fuck but you givin me hell i got this indian squaw the day that i met her asked her what tribe she with, red dot or feather she said all you need to know is i'm not a ho and to get with me you better be chief lots-a-dough now that's spanish chick, french chick, indian and black that's fried chicken, curry chicken, damn i'm gettin fat arroz con pollo, french fries and crepe an appetitite for destruction but i scrape the plate i love [tip] girls, girls, girls, girls (uh-huh) girls, i do adore [jay] yo put your number on this paper cause i would love to date ya holla at ya when i come off tour [tip] i love girls, girls, girls, girls girls all over the globe [jay] i come scoop you in that coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll - c'mon [jay-z] i got this young chick, she so immature she like, "why you don't buy me reeboks no more?" like to show out in public, throw tantrums on the floor gotta toss a couple dollars, just to shut up her holla got a project chick, that plays her part and if it goes down y'all that's my heart baby girl so thorough she been with me from the start hid my drugs from the narcs, hid my guns by the parts i got this model chick that don't cook or clean but she dress her ass off and her walk is mean only thing wrong with ma she's always on the scene god damn she's fine but she parties all the time i get frequent flier mileage from my stewardess chick she look right in that tight blue dress, she's thick she gives me extra pillows and seat back love so i had to introduce her to the mile high club now that's young chick, stewardess, project and model that means i fly rough early, plus i know tahoe that means i'm new school, pop pills and stay in beef but i never have a problem with my first class seat i love [rick] girls, girls, girls, girls girls, i do adore [jay] yo put your number on this paper cause i would love to date ya holla at ya when i come off tour [rick] i love girls, girls, girls, girls girls all over the globe [jay] i come scoop you in that coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll [jay-z] i got this paranoid chick, she's scared to come to the house a hypochondriac who says ouch before i whip it out got a chick from peru, that sniff peru she got a cousin at customs that get shit through got this weedhead chick, she always catch me doin shit crazy girl wanna leave me but she always forgets got this chinese chick, had to leave her quick' cause she kept bootleggin my shit - man i got this african chick with eddie murphy on her skull she like, "jigga man, why you treat me like animal?" i'm like excuse me ms. fufu, but when i met your ass you was dead broke and naked, and now you one half i got this ho that after twelve million sold mami's a narcolyptic, always sleepin on hov' gotta tie the back of her head like deuce bigalow i got so many girls across the globe..
jay z -zannedersem almanyada yapılan- mtv muzik odullerinde yaran bir performansala canlı yayında söyledii şarkı.
mötley crüe'nun 1987 yılında çıkardığı çok güzel albümdür. 1. wild side 2. girls, girls, girls 3. dancin' on glass 4. bad boy boogie 5. nona 6. five years dead 7. all in the name of... 8. sumthin' for nuthin' 9. you're all i need 10. jailhouse rock
çok gaz şarkı ya, çok seviyorum cidden basit masit dense de... hatta bi' arkadaşım, "yau bu şarkıyı adamların kendisi bile dinlemiyor!" diyordu haha. böyle yolda yürürken beni triplere sokan bir şarkı aynı zamanda bu. burun havada, piç modunda sırıtarak (dudağın tek tarafıyla) eşlik ediyorsun: "i'm such a good good boy i just need a new toy" "nihahahaha"
videosu zamanında mtv tarafından yasaklanmıştır.
dünyanın en gerçekçi şarkılarından biri. adamlar resmen şarkıda bahsettikleri şekilde uçanı kaçanı sikerek yaşamışlar.
altyapısı oldukça kışkırtıcı bir mötley crüe albümü. grubun 1987 çıkışlı 4. stüdyo albümüdür ve amerikan albüm listesinde (billboard 200) 2 numaraya kadar çıkmıştır. hele bir 'sumthin' for nuthin'' vardır ki sormayın. hani tamam konsept olarak kızlar, pedofili, pis şeyler falan var ama onlara bakmayın siz. ya da bakın. beni ilgilendirmez. sizinle tartışmıycam, yok.
official strip club sarkisi.
