(bkz: the magnificent moodies)
patty griffin'in flaming red adli albumundeki onbirinci $arki. sozleri de $oyle: here's your moon here's your stars go now go now here's the sun here's the birds here's you are go now go now got a stellar reputation as the star that never fell as the train that left the station as the secret that no one could ever tell here's the lamp here's the landing we might never understand it go now go now here's the trees red and gold here's the snow here we go now let’s go now i was waiting for the leap year and got caught out in the rain singing like a sparrow always planning my narrow escape here's the morning shining on us here's the twilight upon us here's the moon here's the stars here i am here you are let's go now
bir moody blues şarkısı.
(bkz: you go now)
the phantom of the opera'nin en sonunda christine ile beraber olamayacagini anlayan erik ic parcalayici sesiyle 'go now,go now and leave me' der ve muzikalin en acikli noktalarindan birini olusturur.
the moody blues'a ait olanının sözleri şöyle: we,ve already said goodbye since you gotta go, oh you'd better go now go now, go now (go now) before you see me cry i don't want you to tell me just what you intend to do now 'cause how many times do i have to tell you darlin', darlin' i'm still in love with you now whoa-oh-oh-oh we've already said so long i don't wanna see you go, oh you'd better go now go now, go now (go now) don't you even try tellin' me that you really don't want it to end this way 'cause darlin', darlin', can't you see i want you to stay yeah, yeah since you gotta go, oh you'd better go now go now, go now (go now) before you see me cry i don't want you to tell me just what you intend to do now 'cause how many times do i have to tell you darlin', darlin' i'm still in love still in love with you now whoa-oh-oh-oh i don't wanna see you go but darlin', you better go now
bunun bir de simply red coverı var ama onu pek tavsiye etmiyoruz. orijinalindeki 1:44-2:17 arası piyano soloyu duyamadıktan sonra bir anlamı yok.
futbol ve winterbottom ikisi de ilgi alanımın içerisinde bu filmde buluşuyor. aslında atmosfer başrol oyuncusunun futbolcu olmasıyla futbol adına şekillense de temel anlamda bir ilişkinin neleri ne kadar kaldırabileceği ile ilgili bir film go now. aşk, fedakarlık vs. dünya bu sorunların etrafında dönüyor. tabi futbolun da.
the moody blues sevmeyen var mı? peki bu şarkıyı sevmeyen? zor şarkıdır, ilk dinleyişte bir şey ifade etmez. sözleri iyiymiş denir. sonra ama sonra yavaş yavaş çıkar ortaya. bundan sonrası tüm veda vakti söylenir bağıra çağıra. go now goooo nowwww.
