ing. altın bazı yüksek limitli kredi kartlarının aldığı ek isim (bkz: gold card)
turkiyede hala tek peanut butter üreten firma. yıllardır değişmeyen ambalajı ve resimdeki kovboy gelir akla. (bkz: biskuvi denince akla)
isaac asimovun olmeden once son yayinlanan kitaplarindan biri..bircok kisa hikayenin yani sira sf yazarlarina ogutler ve sf yazmak icin metodlar var.. alinasi okunasi kitap..
(bkz: nescafe gold)
(bkz: nothing gold can stay)
ryan adams'in 2001'de cikan albumu
bir cd turu. baskıya gidecek olan bir softwarein ilk baskısı altın cd ye basilirmis diye duymu$tum. diger kopyalar bundan basilirmis. "half life goes gold" cumlesi ornegin half life adlı software in basım asamasinda oldugunu belirtirmis. (bkz: yamuluyorsam duzeltin)
bir spandau ballet sarkisi.
spandau ballet'in true isimli albümünden bir parça . . . bu günlerde mtv'nin sıkça yayınladığı yidiş bir orkid reklamı olan alldays'de kıçını sallayarak dans eden ablanın kulağındaki walkmanle kendinden geçercesine nakaratını çığırdığı parça aynı zamanda . . . nakaratında davet var, soğuk dene . . ¿ * gold thank you for coming home. i'm sorry that the chairs are all worn. i left them here i could have sworn. these are my salad days slowlyy being eaten away. just another play for today. oh but i'm proud of you but i'm proud of you. nothing left to make me feel small. luck has left me standing so tall, all. gold (gold) always believe in your soul. you've got the power to know you're indestructible. always believe in 'cause you are gold (gold.) glad that you're bound to return there's something i could have learned. you're indestructible, always believe in. after the rush has gone i hope you find a little more time. remember we were partneres in crime. it's only two years ago the man with the suit and the pace. you knew that he was there on the case. now he is in love with you he's in love with you. my love is like a high prison wall and you could leave me standing so tall, all gold (gold) always believe in your soul. you've got the power to know you're indestructible. always believe in 'cause you are gold (gold.) glad that you're bound to return there's something i could have learned. you're indestructible, always believe in. my love is like a high prison wall and you could leave me standing so tall, all gold (gold) always believe in your soul. you've got the power to know you're indestructible. always believe in 'cause you are gold (gold.) glad that you're bound to return there's something i could have learned. you're indestructible, always believe in. p.s: ilk nakarattan sonraki gizli bkz. lar . . .
normandiya çıkarmasının yapıldığı beş plajdan biri. ingiliz birlikleri tarafından işgal edilmiştir.
yıllardır severek yediğim fıstık ezmesi üreticisi. eskiden şokella benzeri şeyler de yapıyorlardı, onlar tutmayınca fıstık ezmesi efsanesini tek başına devam ettirme kararı aldılar. bir de aynı firmanın ürettiği ballı, fıstıklı, bademli nuga bar vardır ki, yedikten sonra kendinizi zincirleyin derim. direk enerji, anında enerji.
ayni zamanda super bi fistik da ureten firma.
(bkz: pc gold)
lamb'in lamb albumunden super bi parca. stay with me forever and a day if i could be near you for a lifetime i’d never want for anything hearing your voice is like icicles down my spine and touching your warm skin starts electric storms through my mind. you put a strength in me i knew something was missing just take me everywhere you go this girl’s in heaven feeling this way about someone like you couldn’t be clearer, or dearer, or so overdue so sure so pure so much what i was looking for here are you filling up my life my life you put a strength in me i knew something was missing just take me everywhere you go this girl’s in heaven life is light in everything about you when you’re as one, everything i touch is gold i couldn’t be in a better place than to be around this girl’s in heaven you put a strength in me i knew something was missing just take me everywhere you go you put a strength in me i knew something was missing just take me everywhere you go this girl’s in heaven
limiti fazla olduğu için sizden yıllık daha fazla haraç alınan kredi kartı çeşidi (bkz: gold card)
(bkz: crimson gold)
bilimum yahudi soyadlarında bulunan kelime. (bkz: emmanuel goldstein)
in extremo'nun ilk albümü. "folk metal"'in metal kısmından oldukça uzak, folk kısmına tamamen yakın olanı. sadece bi iki şarkıda distortion duyabiliyoruz, onda da 10-15 saniyelik. ha bu kötü bişi mi, değil tabi. albüm gerçekten mükemmel (türkümsü??) melodilerle kaplı, ilgi çekici bi albüm. dinlenilmesi gerek. 1997'de kendi imkanlarıyla çıkarmışlardır bu albümü.
80'lerin havasının estiği, oldukça eğlenceli bir spandau ballet şarkısı.
(bkz: in gold we trust)
(bkz: böyle bir yazar aslında yok)
mando diao şarkısı, "never seen the light of day" albümünden.. mutlaka dinlenmesi önerilir. buyrun; twilight in my eye, then i can see for seven million miles twilight in my eye tonight dreams become clear, the fog gets thicker every time i inhale stars look the same to me oh my god i went gold when i saw your smiling face i went gold when i went through this troubling maze i went gold and my people behind me all did the same oh my god i went gold when the ocean swallowed me i went gold and i felt that i was free i went gold and my people behind me all did the same it's a way to the heaven, don't try to feel too much just let the morning dry your eye just say, lalalalalalalalalalaalalalalalalala.. let it all in, don't feel afraid of dying just give in let it all in tonight oh my god i went gold when i saw your smiling face i went gold when i went through this troubling maze i went gold and my people behind me all did the same oh my god i went gold when the ocean swallowed me i went gold and i felt that i was free i went gold and my people behind me all did the same it's a way to the heaven, don't try to feel too much just let the morning dry your eye and i say, lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala oh my god i went gold when i saw your smiling face i went gold when i went through this troubling maze i went gold and my people behind me all did the same oh my god i went gold when the ocean swallowed me i went gold and i felt that i was free i went gold and my people behind me all did the same
bu da friska viljor'dan self-help kitabı için fon müziği. unsubscribe your news you have always been way to busy with those fools take a different path they’re only trying to make you afraid carelessly they say that you’re gonna be fucked up anyway have you ever tried the things that you never thought you’d do alone have you ever been surprised when you always seem to make it home no matter if it’s tough you always got to know you’re gold always know your soul is made of gold so now i give to you the freedom to do the things you want to do leave your crappy job and get out on the road don’t take it slow carelessly they say that you’re gonna be fucked up anyway have you ever tried the things that you never thought you’d do alone have you ever been surprised when you always seem to make it home no matter if it’s tough you always got to know you’re gold always know your soul is made of gold have you ever tried the things that you never thought you’d do alone --- have you ever been surprised when you always seem to make it home no matter if it’s tough you always got to know you’re gold always know your soul is made of gold have you ever tried the things that you never thought you’d do alone have you ever been surprised when you always seem to make it home no matter if it’s tough you always got to know you’re gold always know your soul is made of gold
hex değeri ffd700, rgb kodu 255,215,0 olan web rengi.
nefis fıstık ezmelerinin yanında süper işlenmiş yer fıstıkları da üreten firma. 50gr'lık paketler bi bira bitimi kadar yetiyor. 50 gr'lık paketi real 'de 0,69 tl.
türk girişimcilerince bir etiket süsü olarak kullanılan ingilizce altın manasına gelen ama bizde ön ek olarak kullanılan kelime. misal; gold paket, gold üyelik gibi...
(bkz: ari gold)
aynı zamanda bir blue heelers bölümü.
gta vice city wave 103 radyosunda calan spandau ballet sarkisi. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s67bxycpuue (bkz: grand theft auto vice city soundtrack)
binutils'teki standart ld'ye alternatif bir linker. çok daha hızlı olduğu iddia ediliyor.
aynı zamanda yönetmenliğini karl hartl'ın üstlendiği 1934 tarihli bilimkurgu.
muhteşem interference şarkısı. the swell season lecargo'da çok güzel icra etmiştir. sözlerini de yazalım : and i love her so i wouldn't trade her for gold walking on moonbeams i was born with a silver spoon hell i'm gonna be me gonna be free walking on moonbeams and staring out to sea and if a door be closed then a row of homes start building and tear your curtains down for sunlight is like gold hell you better be you do what you can do walking on moonbeams and staring out to sea 'cause if your skin was soil how long do you think before they'd start digging and if your life was gold how long do you think you'd stay living and i love her so i wouldn't trade her for gold
(bkz: gold çikolata)
türkçe karşılığı aşağı yukarı şöyle olan interference şarkısı "onu öyle çok seviyorum ki... ...altın verseler değişmem. ayışığının üzerinde yürürüm. ben gümüş bir kaşıkla doğmuşum. yeter, kendim olacağım. özgür olacağım. ayışığının üzerinde yürürüm... ...denizlere bakarak. bir kapı kapanırsa... ...sıra sıra yeni evler dikeriz. yırt at perdelerini... ...bırak altın sarısı güneşi,girsin içeri. artık kendin olsan iyi olur," ne istersen yapsan, ayışığının üzerinde yürüsen... ...denizlere bakarak. çünkü derin toprak olsaydı kazmaya başlamaları ne kadar sürerdi dersin. ve hayatın altın olsaydı daha ne kadar yaşamaya devam edeceğini düşünüyorsun. onu öyle çok seviyorum ki... ...altın verseler değişmem. tırnak içindeki bölüm divxplanet altyazısından alıntı. geri kalan kısmını da ben çat pat yazdım.
