be gone . sittirin gidin manasinda eski ingilizce bir hede .
katatonianin discouraged ones albumundeki hidden track.kisadir,tadi damagimizda kalir ama pek guzeldir.
bir de kruder und dorfmeister parcasi .
if you do that,you'll be missing the world you have to get up,get out and get gone temasinda,eglenceli,sabah kalktiginda insana gaz veren hadi kalk olm hayat guzel mesajlari enjekte eden the cure parcasi.(bkz: wild mood swings)
the tea party / triptych* broken moments in time could still shine but they're getting old if you could see htis world with my eyes you'd be so surprised at what you'd know so, if you see my angel of light with her sweet wine could you let me know because i think she's gone again fatal are these moments of trust that please us and who would know helped here by the passions of life now strife won't let me go so, if you see my angel of light with her sweet wine i think she needs to know that i've gone again i've really gone again i think i'm gone again so lonely
tembellere ithaf edilmiş bas üzerine kurulu güzel bir wild mood swings şarkısı klipte kendileri turne sırasında gözükürler genç kızlar robert smith'e saldırırlar ve teyzeler üflemeliler çalıp şemsiye sallarlar roger balık yapar simon uyur perry banjo çalar... (rs de şarkı söyler!!!) klibinde oynayanların yaş ortalaması dalında 1. sırada gelir, hmm evet... (boysdontcry haliyle sonuncu, primary ile birlikte)
madonnanın music albümünden bir şarkıdır. sözleri: selling out is not my thing walk away i won't be broken again i'm not i'm not what you think dream away your life someone else's dream nothing equals nothing letting go is not my thing walk away won't let it happen again i'm not i'm not very smart why should i feel sad for what i never had nothing equals nothing chorus: turn to stone lose my faith i'll be gone before it happens (repeat) selling out is not my thing walk away i won't be broken again i won't i won't fall apart dream away your life dream away your dream nothing equals nothing (chorus) turn to stone [turn to stone] lose my faith [lose my faith] i'll be gone before it happens turn to stone [turn to stone] lose my faith [lose my faith] i'll be gone
nsync'in de aynı isimli bir sarkısı vardır, guzel ve romantik bir sarkıdır. ana teması: sen gittin bak ben ne hallere dustum. grup bir de sarkının ispanyolca versiyonunu da cıkartmıstır ki...felakettir.
the climb'ın 2. albümü principia'dan bir $arki. ailecek severek dinliyoruz. blend my plastic cold skin with your sweat on my tongue paint my mind it only feeds my grimness thanks, you gave me your pain thanks, you gave me your shame thanks, i will never be the same again life is empty but my heart is full of you i can't close my eyes i'm just here now i know i'm here now but i think i'm already gone blend my plastic cold skin with your sweat on my tongue paint my mind, it overwhelms my dreams thanks, you gave me your pain thanks, you gave me your shame thanks, i will never be the same again
katatonia'nın doom metal alemine yaptığı önde gelen eziyetlerden biri...şarkı değildir.normal bşi de değildir... a dead start in my head and the day's been laid the things i really want always torn away from my heart you never saw the way how i wanted you to stay and now when you're gone i'm on my own when i was thinking there was something permanent you were already thinking of going away
oh you know how it is wake up feeling blue and everything that could be wrong is including you black clouds and rain and pain in your head and all you want to do is stay in bed but if you do that you'll be missing the world because it doesn't stop turning whatever you heard if you do that you'll be missing the world you have to get up get out and get gone! yeah you know how it is wake up feeling green sick as a dog and six times as mean you don't want to sing you don't want to play you don't want to swing you don't want to sway all you want to do is nothing on a day like today but if you do that you'll be missing the world because it doesn't stop turning whatever you heard if you do that you'll be missing the world you have to get up get out and get gone! yeah get up get out and have some fun you have to get up get out and get gone! yeah get up get out and get it on get up get out and get gone! you have to get up get out and get living yeah this is really it... so you know how it is wake up feeling grey nothing much to think and nothing much to say don't want to talk don't want to try don't want to think don't want to know who what where when or why... oh but you do that and you're missing the world yeah it's happening right now whatever you heard you do that and you're missing the world you have to get up get out and get gone! yeah get up get out and have some fun you have to get up get out and get gone! yeah get up get out and get it on get up get out and get gone! you have to get up get out and get living yeah this is really it! (bkz: the cure)
gitti, artık yok...
katatonianın hüngür hüngür aalatabilicek kapasiteye sahip parçası. (bkz: hüngür hüngür aglamak arzusu)
(bkz: has gone)
(bkz: antigone)
believer’ın dimensions albümünün 1. $arkısı. i feel fine now, the past is gone the book reads my name, i've been issued a new life stupidity flows, the more you speak insanity grows, the more i think religious ideals, cross parallels static thoughts, swallowing me crippled mind, all i am is gone reality fades, time rules my life kaleidoscopic days, lost within cries confusion consumes, broken, i bleed static thoughts, swallowing me broken wing, horrific dream crippled mind, all i am is gone
(bkz: goner)
believe in nothing albümünden çıkan mouth single'ında bulunan paradise lost parçası... accept this bitter pain accept this bitter pain there's too many seasons have changed there's too many reasons to change and when did you decide when id gone? and when did you decide to breakdown when id gone? your wrath has being unchained your wrath has being unchained there's too many feeling estranged there's too many leaving the stage and when did you decide when id gone? and when did you decide to breakdown when id gone?
martin gore'un* cover sarkilardan olusan counterfeit ep albumunde bulunan, orijinali comsat angels'a ait olan, "aldatildiginin farkina varan erkek*" temali sarki. "what is his name?" dedigi kisim yarali gonulleri kanatabilir.. so tired so soon what happened to you what happened to you you got lost somewhere between there and here somewhere between so far so near you got lost somewhere between what happened to you someone has been removed what happened to her what happened to her she got lost somewhere between there and here somewhere between so far so near she got lost somewhere between what happened to her you used to be so young used to be so young it was going to take so long it had almost gone what is his name?
pennywise wildcard word from the wise albümü 5. parçasi sözleri söyledir: i'm falling down, i'm staggering i'm here and then i'm gone. and if you try to find me i'm nowhere to be found. i'm in somebody's shadow in someone else's dream. i'm in your girlfriend's mind, as funny as it seems. i'm here and then i'm gone. sometimes i pass right through you, when you're down at memory lane. sometimes it's only me in there that causes you great pain. when you gonna realize? when you gonna face? all you and me went through was a pleasant little phase. i'm gonna find you when you least expect me to. you'll never find me unless i want to be.
u2'nun pop albumunde bulunan guzel sarki. kendisinden once gelen last night on earth sarkisinda da oldugu gibi direktifsel nakarat bolumu ile dikkat cekmektedir. you get to feel so guilty got so much for so little the you find that feeling just won't go away. you're holding on to every little thing so tightly till there's nothing left for you anyway. goodbye, you can keep this suit of lights i'll be up with the sun i'm not coming down i'm not coming down i'm not coming down. you wanted to get somewhere so badly you had to lose yourself along the way. you changed your name well that's okay, it's necessary and what you leave behind you don't miss anyway. goodbye, you can keep this suit of lights i'll be up with the sun i'm not coming down i'm not coming down i'm not coming down. 'cause i'm already gone felt that way all along. closer to you every day i didn't want it that much anyway. you're taking steps that make you feel dizzy then you learn to like the way it feels. you hurt yourself, you hurt your lover then you discover what you thought was freedom is just greed. goodbye, and it's an emotional goodnight, i'll be up with the sun. are you still holding on? i'm not coming down i'm not coming down i'm not coming down.
finlandiyalı ortalama bir grup olan entwine'in 3 albümünden birinin adı.
ingilizcede gitmek eylemenin ucuncu hali go went gone
(bkz: gone with the sin)
kosheen'in resist albumunde yer alan ba$arili $arkisi. sozleri ise, what's the matter with your mind? what's the matter with you head? what's the matter with your life, do you want mine instead? what's the matter with your time? what's wrong with your shoes, what you doin' in mine? wheres the love gone (wanna know where the loves gone) tell me wheres the love gone, wheres the love gone i'm little with the reason tryin' to appease what they said i'm riggid with hope i'm driven with fear in my bed they've taken my soul and digin' a hole to deep to fill they'll never learn, i doubt if they ever will... wheres the love gone (wanna know where the loves gone) tell me wheres the love gone, wheres the love gone wheres the love gone... time slips through my fingers... inside my head... here for a moment... and is gone... tell me tell me (i wanna know where the loves gone) wheres the love gone? wanna know where the loves gone... can ya' take me? wanna know where the loves gone... wheres the love gone (wanna know where the loves gone) tell me wheres the love gone, wheres the love gone
nsync şarkısı. justin timberlake sözlerini yazıp bestelemiştir. britney spears kuaföre gidip gecikince onu beklerken yazdığını bir röportajını belirtmiştir. (bkz: light erkek)
türkçe; göçmüş...
(bkz: matchbox 20)
pek fasizan tabiyatli bir insan olmamamla birlikte yasaklanmasini arzuladigim soyleyen insanlarin bulunup da kizgin demirlerle dovulmesini istediim dinlemekten korkacak kadar duygu patlamasi yaratan tea party sarkisi..
entwine'in 2001 yilinda spikefarm records'tan cikardigi 2. albumu. 01 losing the ground 02 snow white suicide 03 `closer (my love)` 04 new dawn 05 grace 06 silence is killing me 07 thru the darkness 08 blood of your soul
u2nun sarkisinda, the edgein gitarindan gelen whammy cigliklari sarkiya bambaska bir hava vermektedir. daha da dibe cekmektedir insani.
go yükleminin geçmi$ zaman kipindeki kar$iligi
madonna'nin music albumunde william orbit sihrini barindiran sarkisi. album genel mirwais ahmadzai tekelindeyken, gone, william orbit'in elinin degmesiyle, iyot gibi one cikivermektedir.
çok güzel sözleri vardır bu u2 parçasının suçlu hissediyorsun kendini az verip çok aldın sonra o duygunun bir türlü kaybolmadıgını fark ediyorsun tutunuyorsun en küçük şeye sıkıca sana hiçbir şey kalmayıncaya kadar hoşçakal sende kalabilir bu ışıktan giysi ben güneşe çıkıyorum ve geri dönmeyecegim... geri dönmeyecegim geri dönmüyorum bir yerlere ulaşmak istedin kaybetmek zorundaydın kendini aldıgın yol boyunca "degiştirdin ismini ama önemi yok...bu gerekli ve geride bıraktıklarını zaten özlemiyorsun" hoşçakal sende kalabilir bu ışıktan giysi ben güneşe çıkıyorum ve geri dönmeyecegim,geri dönmeyecegim geri dönmeyecegim ve ben gittim bile hissettim bunu aldıgım yollar boyunca her gün sana biraz daha yakındım tek istedigim şey buydu başını döndürecek adımlar atıyorsun sonra sana hissettirdiklerimden hoşlanmaya başlıyorsun incitiyorsun kendini ve sevgini keşfediyorsun sonra özgürlük sandıgın herşey hırstan ibaretti hoşçakal...içten bir iyi geceler yok güneşe çıkıyoruz sen hala orada mı kalıyorsun geri dönmeyecegim geri dönmeyecegim
iommi'nin glenn hughes ile yaptığı 1996 tarihli the dep sessions albümünden güzel bir parça. albümün açılış şarkısı.
entwine'in closer,snow white suicide,silence is killing me gibi saheserlerini barindiran harika albümü..
max graham-jessica riddle calismasi olani cok etkileyici bir muzige,vokale ve sozlere sahiptir.sozleri asagidaki gibidir. know you're gone i know you're leaving me behind your dreams behind your prayers what do you think? what do you want? what do you love? behind your dreams what do you love? i hear your sighs i hear your heartbeat pound me on my back i'm on my own now what do i see? what do i feel? what do i love? what do i love? i know you're gone i know you're leaving me behind your dreams behind your prayers what do you think? what do you want? what do you love? behind your dreams what do you love?
ozlenecek olan insan'a yazilmis katatonia sarkisi. cok kisa oldugu icin tek doz yetmez arka arkaya 5-6 kez dinlemek gerekir.
bir babes in toyland $arkisi. sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun: now i live with nothing to give 'cause it's gone here i stand at your command 'cause it's gone now i stand with you at hand now i live with nothing to give 'cause it's gone now i stand with you underhand 'cause it's gone
drowned world tour'da sahnede kot pantalon ve yırtık t-shirtlü madonna'nın tek bir spot önünde sakince sölediği şarkısı. vokal performansı iyidir.
pek az kişinin bildiği,her zamanki madonna ingilizcesi anlaşılırlığıyla söyenmiş,insanı dinlendirir haliyle kandırıp aslında kırgınlık ve öfke dolmasını sağlayan,güzel bir şarkıdır.
" why should i feel sad what i never had " cumlesiyle içime oturan şarkıdır.
katatonia'nın gone'ı türkçe'ye çevrilirse şu şekildedir: bir hissizlik başladı kafamda ve gün yatalak olmuş, gerçekten istediğim şeyler kalbimden sökülmüş. yolunu hiç görmedin kalmanı nasıl istediğimin, ve şimdi gittin kendi başımayım. düşünürken ben kalıcı olduğunu bazı şeylerin, hayal ediyordun zaten çekip gitmeyi
all you need is love albümünden şahane bir klavye solosu ihtiva eden pek güzel die apokalyptischen reiter şarkısı.
pearl jam'in self titled albumunden 9. sarki. sozleri de soyle: no more upset mornings no more tired evenings this american dream i am disbelieving when the gas in my tank feels like money in the bank gonna blow it all this time take me one last ride for the lights of this city they only look good when i'm speeding gonna leave em all behind me cause this time i'm gone long gone this time i'm letting go of it all so long cause this time i'm gone in the far off distance as my tail-lights fade no one thinks to witness but they will someday feel like a question is forming and the answers far i will be what i could be once i get out of this town for the lights of this city they have lost all feeling gonna leave em all behind me cause this time i'm gone long gone this time i'm letting go of it all so long long gone, i'm letting go of it all cause this time i'm gone if nothing is everything if nothing is everything, i'll have it all if nothing is everything if nothing is everything, i'll have it all i am gone
esthero feat cee-lo green so, why would you stay if it's killing us both just to be here there's no more room to grow and you won't find yourself 'til you leave me it's a beautiful world outside these walls and i love you too much to hold you down with my light shine and it's blinding you so go on get away leave me be 'cause i don't want to see your face around here so, don't complicate it, i don't have it in me to hate you i was meant to be your freedom i just want to be your faerie and i try to teach you but i can only stay for one more day then i am gone get away leave me be 'cause i don't want to see your face around here gone, gone, gone, gone get away leave me be 'cause i don't want to see your face around here there ain't nothing here for you if you stay and it's so hard to hear myself say "go away." instead of "baby, please stay just one more day" i barely have the strength to leave you and you don't want to be with me so go on just get gone cee-lo : girl, how could you say what you not mean oh we used to have such a hot thing and i just can't go anywhere and be not seen but for the love of you there's places i have stopped being and don't make me start about all the sweets and all the shopping i mean god i even went out and got a ring and it's no cliche love is blind it's in you literally stop seeing but when you truly love someone, you wouldn't be shamed you know that i love you and if i did not see you there, girl, i wouldn't have came but i got to let you go you must have some strong shoulders 'cause that's where you be putting the blame i can't help it, baby whoever said fucked up your head talking bout if you had love then you wouldn't have pain. gone go on go on get away get away from me leave me be, baby 'cause i don't want to see your face around here why would you stay if it's killing us both just to be here there's no more room to grow and you won't find yourself 'til you leave me it's a beautiful world outside these walls and i love you too much to hold you down with my light shine and it's blinding you gone get away leave me be 'cause i don't want to see your face around here gone, gone, gone, gone get away get away, get away leave me be, leave me be 'cause i don't want to see your face around here gone
the who'nun let's see action isimli parçasında geçen "nothing is everything, everything is nothing" dizelerine göndermeler taşıyan harika pearl jam parçası. buklette eddie "thanks p.t" diye not düşmüş bu atfa binaen. (bkz: pete townshend)
principia albumunde bulunan super bir the climb sarkisi "life is empty but my heart is full of you" demiş şair...
principia albumundeki the climb sarkisi ve sarki sozleri $oyledir blend my plastic cold skin with your sweat on my tounge paint my mind it only feeds my grimness thanks, you gave me your pain thanks, you gave me your shame thanks, i'll never be the same again life is empty but my heart is full of you i can't close my eyes i'm just here now i know i'm here now but i think i'm already gone it overwhelms my dreams thanks, you gave me your pain thanks, you gave me your shame thanks, i'll never be the same again
madonna nin music albumunden pek de bilinmeyen ama bazı bunyelerde you'll see ve de frozen etkisi yaratabilen, defalarca pes pese dinlense de dinlenirken ortaya cikardigi huzun,uzuntu ve benzeri duygular artsa da vazgecilemeyendir. gayet dertsiz ve de mutlu anlarinizda bile dinlediginizde sezen aksu sarkilari etkisi yapip gozlerinizin dolmasina sebep olabilir gayet de.. şöyle ki : "dream away your life someone else's dream nothing equals nothing letting go is not my thing walk away won't let it happen again i'm not i'm not very smart why should i feel sad for what i never had nothing equals nothing " seklinde. *
tea part nin parçası olan kesinlikle dinlenmesi ,ezberlenmesi ,yutulması gereken yapıttır. ahh o yaylılar yokmu adamı kendinden geçiriyor....
patolojik bir lisa marie presley parcasi. iste sözleri: well, what do we have here daddy. the lights are quickly changing. will i leave your heart along with the phone lines you're erasing. a spineless ending. well, who would have guessed dear daddy. turned out to be a coward. when i turned my back you cut my throat it bled for hours. was that your power. [chorus] you, you're the lovely victim again. you, well your heart is breaking. you are the only one let down. are you really now. well, soon here we'll have dear daddy with the next one on her knees. and she's gonna call him daddy like the rest of them, like me. how easy it will be replacing me. and what's that i hear now daddy you're blaming it all on me. another she did you wrong and of course you had to leave. and the yes men will agree. you gave it everything. [chorus] you with the advisors in your ear. you did everything right it's clear. i know i begged you to stay around. but i'm gone now. [bridge] well, here's to you my darling leave. you're stubborn and you're free and of course, right. i don't respect the way you leave. you can be no friend to me. i'll say goodbye. [chorus] [repeat chorus]
i'm not very smart der madonna, biz de siritiriz pis pis, akilli kizdir da. konu ask olunca pek zeki sayilmaz, madonna'nin muthis sarkisidir gone, melodisi, sozleri ve ic acitan vokaliyle
yunanca'da doğuş mânâsına gelir.
jerry cantrell'in degradation trip albumunun son sarkisi. sozleri su sekilde; all dreams have died, along the way i coughed up the price, i bought a cage i've had a hell of a time since i went away don't know when i died, or where to lay down gone, gone away yeah gone, gone away god knows i've tried, i'm dyed in pain strong yet simple drive, the freedom to say i've had a hell of a time since i went away homing on traces of light, that distance fades yeah i'm gone, gone away yeah i'm gone, gone away so they say with time, we slowly heal i caught a flash of your smile, through the fog of a dream i'll have a hell of a time, i clearly see i can't be by your side, i'll see you when i sleep now you're gone...gone away yeah you're gone...gone away
go fiilinin 3. hali ing. gitti, gitmiş, öldü, ölmüş anlamında.
binlerce şarkıya başlık olan kelimedir. go'nun üçüncü halidir aynı zamanda. peki bunca gone'ın arasından ben hangisini dinleyeyim diyorsanız tabii ki hemen thirteen senses'in the invitation albümünü edinip oradakini dinleyeceksiniz. adı gone olan şarkıların en güzelidir. giden sevgilinin gözlerindeki ateştir *. şarkı da bu durumun farkında olan diğer sevgilinin boş yere çabalamasıyla ilgilidir. mükemmel melodi mükemmel ses mükemmel denge. mutlaka dinleyin.
n'sync 'in çocukluktan sonraki dönemde dinlenebilirliği olan tek şarkısı. backstreet boys'un show me the meaning of being lonely'sine tekabül ettiği kanısındayım.
kanye west'in late registration albümünden camron ve consequence ile yaptığı leziz düet. albümün en iyi ilk 3 şarkısından biridir bu. wished i had told ooh was (the) only one but it's too late, it's too late he's gone -kanye west- you sweat her, and i ain't talkin 'bout a coogi you a big l, and i ain't talkin 'bout cool j see me at the airport, at least 20 louis treat me like the prince and this my sweet brother numpsay brother numpsay! groupies sound too choosy take 'em to the show and talk all through the movies says she want diamonds, i took her to ruby tuesdays if we up in friday's, i still have it my way -chorus- too late, we, gone - we strivin home gone - we ride on chrome it's too late -kanye west- y'all don't want no prob from me what you rappers could get is a job from me maybe you could be my intern, and in turn i'll show you how i cook up summer, in the win-turr aaron love the raw dog, when will he learn caught somethin on the usher tour he had to "let it burn" plus he already got three chil'run arguin over babysitters like, "bitch - it's yo' turn!" damn 'ye, it'd be stupid to ditch you even your superficial raps is super official r-r-r-roc pastelle with gucci on with tv's in the ride, throw a movie on said he couldn't rap now he at the top with doobie long cause the dookie's on any song that they threw me on, gone -chorus- we strivin home, gone [cam] i ride on chrome... we strivin home, gone [cam] killa, i ride on chrome -camron- knock knock, who's there? killa cam, killa who? killa cam, hustler, grinder, gorilla true oh my chinchilla blue, blue you ever dealt with a dealer well here's the deal ma we goin to the dealer booth no concealin, no ceiling i don't need a roof act up, get out, i don't need you poof poof, be gone, damn tough luck dag dag, niggaz still doin puff puff pass pull the truck up fast and i tell 'em hey, back in a touched up jag, shit y'all niggaz want killa cam, cerebellum an old man just gon' tell 'em (too late, he, gone) then i see how y'all gonna react when i'm (gone) my last girl want me back then i'm on fine stay, you got the grind hey came back, read what the sign say (too late, he, gone) yes i know you wanna see my demise yeah you church boy actin like a thief in disguise ain't leavin my side, see the greed in my eyes ask abby y'all hustle for a week to the chi, shit and that ain't leavin alive, please believe me gave weezy a piece of the pie, and you can ask george or regina the whole westside i explore with the beemer now -chorus- we strivin home, i ride on chrome listen homeboy move on that's your best bet, why's that? cause -consequence- uhh, uhh, yo, yo i been pourin out some liquor for the fact that my pal's gone and tryin to help his momma with the fact that her child gone and since we used to bubble like a tub full of calgon guess it's only right that i should help her from now on but since they got a foul on, what coulda gone wrong now they askin cons, how long has this gone on and maybe all this money mighta gone to my head cause they got me thinkin money mighta gone to the feds so i ain't goin to the dread, but he'll go on up to bed and when i came the next mornin he was gone with my bread and with that bein said, i had gone on my instincts and gone to the spots where they go to get mixed drinks but lookin back now shoulda gone to the crib and rented "gone with the wind," cause i'da gone about 10 but i had gone with my friend, and we had gone to the bar and heard a nigga talkin shit so i had gone to the car and now the judge is tellin me that i had gone too far and now we gone for 20 years, doin time behind bars and since i gone to a cell for some petty crimes i guess i gone to the well one too many times, cause i'm gone -long instrumental pause- uh-uh-uh uh-uh-uh uh uh onnn, uh uh-uh onnn uh-uh onnn, uh uh-uh i'mmmm ah-head of my time, sometimes years out so the powers that be won't let me get my ideas out and that make me wanna get my advance out and move to oklahoma and just live at my aunt's house yeah, i romance the thought of leavin it all behind kanye step away from the lime- -light, like, when i was on the grind in the "one, nine, nine, nine" before, model chicks was bendin over or dealerships asked me benz or rover, man if i could just get one beat on hova we could get up off this cheap-ass sofa what the summer of the chi got to offer an 18-year-old sell drugs or get a job, you gotta play gyro my dawg worked at taco bell, hooked us up plural fired a week later the manager count the churros sometimes i can't believe it when i look up in the mirrow how we out in europe, spendin euros they claim you never know what you got 'til it's gone i know i got it, i don't know what y'all on i'ma open up a store for aspiring mc's won't sell 'em no dream, but the inspiration is free but if they ever flip sides like anakin you'll sell everything includin the mannequin they got a new bitch now you jennifer aniston hold on i'll handle it, don't start panickin, stay calm shorty's at the door cause they need more inspiration for they life, they souls, and they songs they said sorry mr. west is gone!
hüzünlü bir n'sync şarkısı. sözleri şöyle: there's a thousand words that i could say to make you come home oh, seems so long ago you walked away left me alone i remember what you said to me you were acting so strange and maybe i was too blind to see that you needed a change was it something i said to make you turn away? to make you walk out and leave me cold if i could just find a way to make it so that you were right here but right now.. i've been sitting here can't get you off my mind i've tried my best to be a man and be strong i've drove myself insane wishing i could touch your face but the truth remains.. you're gone.. you're gone.. baby you're gone girl you're gone, baby girl, you're gone.. you're gone.. you're... i don't wanna make excuses, baby won't change the fact that you're gone but if there's something that i could do won't you please let me know? time is passing so slowly now guess that's my life without you and maybe i could change my every day but baby i don't want to so i'll just hang around and find some things to do to take my mind off missing you and i know in my heart you can't say that you don't love me too please say you do yeeaah.... i've been sitting here can't get you off my mind i've tried my best to be a man and be strong i drove myself insane wishing i could touch your face but the truth remains you're gone.. you're gone.. you're gone you're gone...you're gone.. you're.... gone ohhh... oh what'll i do if i can't be with you tell me where will i turn to baby where will i be now that we are apart am i still in your heart? baby why don't you see? that i need you here with me oohhh... i've been sitting here can't get you off my mind i've tried my best to be a man and be strong i've drove myself insane wishing i could touch your face but the truth remains been sitting here can't get you off my mind i've tried my best to be a man and be strong i drove myself insane wishing i could touch your face but the truth remains you're gone.. you're gone.. you're gone you're gone gone you're gone.. but the truth remains you're....
'78 adlı china forbes albümünden, hüznü kulağa sevimli gelen şarkı. you woke up and left this morning didn't give me any warning all that we've been working for is gone, gone, gone if i ever needed someone now is when i really need you like the one i voted for is gone, gone, gone i wasn't listening to you when you told me you loved me i wasn't focusing on you when you towered above me i woke up alone this morning clouds in the sky adorning trees bare of leaves you know they're gone, gone, gone do i have to be somewhere, no never one to matter solo wishing i had asked you but you're gone, gone, gone gone, gone, gone i wasn't listening to you when you told me you loved me i wasn't basking in the glow when it shone down upon me i was just caught in your shadow i wish i had a replay to do it over i know i could do better and then maybe you'd stay with me forever i know i could do better i wish i had a replay to do it over i know i could do better i wasn't listening to you when you told me you loved me i wasn't basking in the glow when it shone down upon me i wasn't focusing on you when you towered above me i was just caught in the shadow
martin l gore yorumunun orijinalinin önüne geçmesine sinir olduğum sleep no more albümünden bir the comsat angels şarkısı. orijinali kat kat daha güzeldir, yemişim martini.
pain of salvation'ın linoleum'undan 4 numaralı tüyler ürpertici şarkı. ikinci bölümü ayrı güzel.
thirteen senses tarafından yapılmış olanı, sanırım dinleyebileceğiniz en güzel yeni nesil ayrılık şarkısı. hüzne çok güzel yakışıyor.
ritmi fena halde aksak olan müthiş pain of salvation şarkısı. bir türlü tutturamıyorum aksak bölümleri. gerçi daha yeni keşfettim şarkıyı, birkaç gün daha dinlesem kanıksarım*.
andy timmons ın tadına doyamadığım enstrümantalidir ki bu kadar yazılır,böyle tuşeye aktarılır ancak ses dediğin şey.
bir bob seger parçası. ramblin' gamblin' man albümünden. sözleri; * this gravestone is peaceful and quiet she pulls up a chair and sits right by it the air around is gentle and warm the rose colored wreath is tattered and torn tiny blades of grass are peeking through drawing life from sunshine and dew remembering his eyes when she lied knowing she lives feeling she's died da da da da da da da da da da da da da da where have all the good time gone where have all the good time gone where have all the good time gone my child da da da da da da da da da da da da da da so every night after sunshine you'll find her there alone in her shrine two forms appearing ghostly in rain one red marble the other blue pain where have all the good time gone where have all the good time gone where have all the good time gone my child da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
thirteen senses'e ait olanın sözleri şöyledir. ** sometimes i rush to get right to the end i know i'll get to this place when i feel the time is right sometimes i think that i know what i'm all about but when i look inside i can see the truth come out sometimes i try to go on i know it's wrong cos when i see your eyes i can see the flame is gone, gone, gone sometimes i climb to the top to see what's above but when i find it there, there's no time for happiness sometimes i count up to ten just to see when when will i see the sun, in my eyes i've just begun sometimes i try to go on i know it's wrong cos when i see your eyes i can see the flame is gone, gone, gone
aynı zamanda yönetmenliğini drew kochera'nın üstlendiği 2006 tarihli bilimkurgu.
katatonia'ya ait olanının youtube videosunun altındaki bir yorum şarkının güzelliğini pekiştirmiştir nazarımda. "i'm fourteen and female. i dont have a style. all i know is this is good music."
insanın içini yakan katatonia şarkısı. daha uzun olamazdı zaten.
türkçeye gizemli yolcu ismiyle çevrilmiş 2007 yapımı bir gerilim filmi. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0482374/ **
melody gardot parçası. i won't wake up to the sound of your feet walking down the hall like a soft heartbeat i won't wake up cause by the time that i do you'll be gone i won't look back on a past so long i won't look back on the things gone wrong i won't look back cause by the time that i do you'll be gone. i won't have words i've said all that there is to say i won't have words cause i know you'll just throw them away i won't have words cause by the time that i do you'll be gone by the time that i do you'll be gone by the time that i do you'll be gone
heitor dhalia'nin yonettigi, allison burnett'in yazdigi ve amanda seyfried'in jill karakterini canlandirdigi 2012 yapimi film. kiz kardesi bir anda yok olan jill, 2 sene once kendisini kaciran seri katilin geri dondugunu ve kiz kardesini kacirdigini dusunur. ve jill tekrar bu kisiyle yuzlesmeye baslayacaktir.[imdb]
"why should i feel sad for what i never had nothing equals nothing" diyerek insanı canevinden vurur madonna karısı bu sözlerle. hayranlık uyandırıcı bir şarkı, her şeyiyle.
2012 yapım olanı başı belli sonu belli amerikan filmlerine bir başka örnek: germiyor, merak uyandırmıyor vs. vs.
snow white and the huntsman filminin james newton howard'a ait muhtesem soundtrack'inden ioanna gika tarafindan seslendirilen buyuleyici parcadir.. dark the stars and dark the moon. hush the night and the morning loon. tell the horses and beat on your drum: gone their master, gone their sun. dark the oceans, dark the sky. hush the whales and the ocean tide. tell the salt marsh and beat on your drum: gone their master, gone their sun. dark to light and light to dark three black carriages three white carts what brings us together is what pulls us apart gone our brother, gone our heart.
john hiatt isimli şarkıcının 2000 yılında yayınladığı crossing muddy waters albümünün yedinci (7) parçasıdır. iki dakika elli yedi saniye (2.57) uzunluğundadır. şarkı sözleri: gone like my last paycheck gone gone away gone like the car i wrecked gone gone away gone like a fifth of gin gone gone away gone like the shape i’m in gone gone away my baby’s gone away gone like a nixon file gone gone away gone like my landlord smile gone gone away gone like the furniture gone gone away gone like the rest of her gone gone away my baby’s gone away don’t like the silhouette there by the bed where she undressed don’t like the candlelight where we made love so sweet and bright don’t like the one last turn she took before in little burn (? ) don’t like everything i learned gone gone away gone like my last paycheck gone gone away gone like the car i wrecked gone gone away gone like a fifth of gin gone gone away gone like the shape i’m in gone gone away my baby’s gone away
in time fiyaskosundan sonra birdaha bana amanda seyfried filmi izlememeyi düşündüren 2012 yapımı klişe bir film. (bkz: bu mu yani)
ingilizce'de var olan en hüzünlü kelimedir bana göre; gitmiştir giden ve bir daha dönmeyecek, dönemeyecektir...
allison burnett'in senaryosu hem tutarlılık, hem de ritm anlammında oldukça aksak ilerliyor. bir yandan, olayın gizemini çözmeyen çalışan kızın yaşadıklarıyla bir gerilim ritmi tutturulmaya çalışılırken, diğer yandan seyircinin de "acaba olanlar gerçek mi, yoksa herşey kızın kafasının içinde mi?" çelişkisini yaşaması istenmiş. ama nafile... senaryo hiçbir yerde bu ikilemi akıllı biçimde yansıtacak şekilde ilerlemiyor. ayrıca sadece şüpheli adayı olması için ortaya atılmış birkaç gereksiz karakter de iyi geliştirilmemiş... ( http://hayatimizsinema.blogspot.com/…kayp-2012.html )
amariga'da martta gösterime giren film ülkemize yeni geliyor. ne kaa güzel. zaten hepimiz sinemaya gidip izleyeceğiz şimdi. olur da kafanıza eser sinemaya gidersiniz bu hafta sonu, bu filmin afişini görürsünüz şeytan dürter girmek istersiniz falan. sakın ha! aman diyeyim. sonra ben duymadım görmedim olmasın.
"yok, "benim amacım aslında, amanda seyfried'i izlemekti ağbi." derseniz eğer; ben de "buyrun, bu filmin 'en heyecanlı şeyi'ni izlemeye, sinemalara." derim umarsızca.." tafsilat için..
son derece güzel bir film. laf edenlere aldırmamak gerekir.
başka versiyonu var mıdır fakat şu an vizyonda olanı bugün izledim. tam eh işte bir film. kısa olduğundan dolayı filmi izlemek kötü bir tercih olmaktan çıkıyor. --- spoiler --- jill'in ablası evin altına kapatıldığını söyleyince kız paranoyak şizofreni falan sandım, lakin değilmiş. sondaki ''it was all in my head'' muhabbeti güzeldi. --- spoiler ---
amanda seyfried'ı izlemeye gittiğim film. izledim, geldim. canım benim pek güzel. saçlar muhteşem. --- spoiler --- o kadar gerginlikten sonra çok basit bir sonla bitti film. bu kadar kolay mı hallettin yani o seni delirten işi?! ben beklerdim ki meğer katil jill'miş. ama her şey gayet yolunda ve beklendik gitti, iyi olan kazandı. "it was all in my head." --- spoiler ---
daha önce 50 milyonkere işlenmiş konuyu tekrar işlemiş klasik banal sıkıcı bir abd yapımı filmdir. - --- spoiler --- birinin yakını kaçırılıyor -polis inanmıyor davayla hiç uğraşmıyor, inanmadığı gibi mağduru suçlu niyetine içeri tıkmaya çalışıyor ( maaşın o kızın vergilerle yatıyor orospu çocuğu elini sıcak sudan soğuk suya bir sok da görelim) -kız kendi çabalarıyla bulmaya çalışıyor. --- spoiler --- yeter bee baydı artık valla.. not: başroldeki hatun bizim hadise'ye çok benziyor.
muhteşem bir lianne la havas şarkısı. http://www.youtube.com/…05133rirwrvohbwjr2scvlcpniu
sons and daughters sarkisi. punk's not dead diyor bence http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcvqtu42bk0
