(bkz: good morning spider)
müthiş bir dandy warhols come down parçası.* good morning in my good, good morning i'm up before the sun can break early morning and everyone like a shiny thing all my angels appear at my window saying good, good morning in my good morning in my good, good morning, i feel before my thoughts are spread away am i conscious or is it my unconscious feeling numb more like a dream that has gone before my conscious saying good, good morning, my good morning in my good, good morning i'm up before the sun can burn anything early morning and everyone like a shiny thing no, more like a dream that has gone before my conscious saying good morning, my good, good morning.
(bkz: good morning vietnam)
ing. gunaydin yerine kullanilir
singing in the rainde söylenen ve çok da güzel dansedilen bir şarkı..
ozu'nunki icin (bkz: ohayo)
(bkz: good morning good morning)
singing in the rainde gene kelly , donald oconnor , debbie reynolds tarafından icra edilen muhteşem şarkı... buda sözleri: good mornin' good mornin' we've talked the whole night through good mornin' good mornin' to you good mornin' good mornin' it's great to stay up late good mornin' good mornin' to you when the band began to play the stars were shinin' bright. now the milkman's on his way, it's too late to say goodnight. so, good mornin', good mornin'! sunbeams will soon smile through, good mornin', good mornin', to you, and you, and you, and you! good mornin', good mornin'! we've gabbed the whole night through, good mornin', good mornin' to you. in the mornin', in the mornin'! it's great to stay up late! good mornin', good mornin' to you! when we left the movie show the future wasn't bright but came the dawn, the show goes on and i don't wanna say good night! so say good mornin'! good mornin'! rainbows are shinin' through good mornin'! bonjour! buenos dias! bongiorno guten morgen! good mornin' to you!
bruce lee'nin belini sakatliyip 9 ay gibi bir sure yatalak kalmasina neden olan hareket. tabii bunun nedeni isinma eksigidir. hareket soyledir: uzun bar'i alirsiniz iki omzunuzun ustune ensenizin arkasindan gecicek sekilde koyarsiniz. eller omuzlardan 20 cm kadar uzakta bar'i tutmaktadir. sirt duz tutulur ve belden yere egilinir ve kalkilir. iyice isindiktan sonra bunu cok az agirlikla yapmak 12 tekrardan iki set beliniz bayaa kuvvetlendirecektir. bruce lee bunu rutin olarak yaptigi sirada 130 pounda kadar cikmis sakatligi bu agirlikta gerceklesmisti.
lenny kravitz'in it is time for a love revolution albümündeki 4 numaralı parça. good morning nice to see you how you’ve been the beginning of another lovely day oh oh oh oh oh good morning get up put your feet on the ground wake up to an ice cold shower the coffee's hot but the cream is sour so get up top of the morning to you good morning to you hey oh oh oh oh oh good morning good morning can i walk you to the train would you like to get a bagel on the way oh oh oh oh oh good morning get on and we go downtown get off and go in the tower the boss is old but he has the power so we're up top of the morning to you good morning to you hey oh oh oh oh oh it's another day in the world in which we live i've got to find a way to get past what i can't forgive and no matter what we've got to try to move along so sing a song you can't go wrong good morning nice to see you how you’ve been the beginning of another, lovely day oh oh oh oh oh good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning good morning...
gene kolaylarından bir ingilizce çocuk şarkısı. good morning good morning to you to you and to you good morning good morning to you and to you nancy judy and margaret peter dandy paul and john good morning good morning to you and to you
sessizliğimi bozmayan ve sabahı, umutlandıran, iyi eden william fitzsimmons şarkısı. güzel bir kahvaltı fonu, http://fizy.com/s/172sn4 .
gluteus maximus ve hamstrings'i vuran bir fitness&vg egzersizi. düşük ağırlıklarla çalışılması sağlık açısından elzemdir. başlangıçta öküz ağırlığa girersen belini salonda bırakıp dönersin. http://www.exrx.net/…/hamstrings/bbgoodmorning.html
kanye west'in kenarda kosede kalmis saheserlerinden, arkadaki jay-z vokalleriyle ve mukemmel altyapisiyla dikkat ceker. graduation albumunu acar, klibi kapagi da yapan japon sanatci tarafindan yapilmistir, cok hostur: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6chs4x2uqcq
norah jones'un kibarca "günaydın ve hoşçakal." diye seslendiği şarkısı. biriktirip biriktirip sonunda dökülen bir kadının "pas" demeye yaklaştığı "pes" etmeye yüz tuttuğu sözler. yeni haber değil. de... belki diyor, tutar beni güçlü hisler, gücümü geri veren davranışlar. hanlar hamamlar değil de, aşkın ardında giderken kör topal, onu da bulamayınca o ele girmenin de manası yok norah, haklısın. albüm: little broken hearts good morning my thoughts on leaving are back on the table i thought you should know and maybe powerful actions or powerful feelings will keep me from going i’m folding my hand, hand i’m folding my hand, hand good morning why did you do it? i couldn’t sleep i knew you were gone our loving is all i was after but you couldn’t give it so i’m moving on i’m folding my hand, hand i’m folding my hand, hand
kanye west'in en iyi beş şarkısından biri.
(bkz: good morning beautiful) (bkz: deftones) (bkz: mütevazı ama kusursuz şarkılar)
intro olmasına rağmen kanye west'in en iyi şarkılarından biridir. (bkz: graduation)
