ing. yercekimi.
henuz ispatlanamamis graviton adi verilen bi quantum particle inin oldugu teori edilen 4 ana fiziki gucten biri
iyi bir news groups client.
bir type o negative şarkısı. the origin of the faces albümünden. 1, 2, 3, 4 - i don't wanna live no more well i've got no more reason to live and i've got no more love to give tonight's the night i'll paint the town red i'll put another hole through my head unjustifiable existence i feel the weight of a world on my back i've seen the future the future looks black it's what i must do i have no reservations ain't talk 'bout self preservation unjustifiable existence gravity crushing me gravity crushing me i can see god yeah i feel something pulling me down it's forcing me between myself and the ground of all the nightmares that ever came true i think that gravity is you unjustifiable existence gravity crushing me gravity crushing me
tess gerritsenin şahane bir kitabı.ayrıca kitap stephen kingin en sevdiği kitaplardan biridir.
bir pay the girl parçası.
anekdoten'in 2003'te yaptigi album.
bir jesse cook albümüdür aynı zamanda.
(bkz: gravilizm)
bic rungadan ipeksi bir parça ; if gravity let us go we would all go flying and i'll meet you somewhere in the milky night away past the satellites the breeze is dressed so lightly and it breathes onto this fire escape where all our secrets melt like ice leaving only water night will close us down and change the view and i'll promise you what i can i forget myself when i'm with you please remind me who i am dancing like a landslide swinging round the living room we fall like sudden rain from sullen skies singing to the radio's tune say my name aloud and make it new and i'll promise you what i can i forget myself when i'm with you please remind me who i am day so soon, hear all the traffic move the sirens all fill this room till we both have to shout from the road, watching the stars explode you and i breathe so slow how strange the sound
embrace in 80li slowlar tadında nefis bir şarkısı (bkz: slow müzik) sözleri : honey, it's been a long time coming and i can't stop now such a long time running and i can't stop now do you hear my heart beating can you hear that sound coz i can't stop thinking and i don't look down and then i looked up at the sun and i could see oh the way that gravity turns for you and me and then i looked up at the sky and saw the sun and the way that gravity pulls on everyone, on everyone baby, it's been a long time waiting such a long, long time and i can't stop smiling no i can't stop now and do you hear my heart beating ah can you hear that sound coz i can't help crying and i won't look down and then i looked up at the sun and i could see oh the way that gravity turns on you and me and then i looked up at the sun and saw the sky and the way that gravity pulls on you and i, on you and i can you hear my heart beating can you hear that sound coz i can't help crying and i wont look down
bsd lisansli* kaynak koduna ve kurulum dosyasina sourceforge'dan ulasabileceginiz, guzide bir news client. not: yenc destegi var, ssl destegi yok ancak stunnel kullanabilirsiniz. [ http://sourceforge.net/projects/mpgravity/ ]
lfo'nun life is good albumlerinden bi şarkı. sözleri de şöyle bişilerdi değişmediyse: i feel gravity, holdin me down keepin my feet on the ground every time your around i feel gravity and i don't know what to do i keep on runnin from you put me on the cover of rollin stone pat me on the back when i come back home tell me things that i like to hear i hold back, but you still come near say you care, and you won't let go i'm in a world that i just don't know give me things that i need to fill me tell me that this gravity won't kill me and you don't have to cry for me and you don't have to lie for me this whole blue sky is falling down on me i feel gravity, holdin me down keepin my feet on the ground every time your around i feel gravity and i don't know what to do i keep on runnin from you full of dreams can't come up short drivin down south is my last resource let me shine on mtv say your proud and happy for me look in my eyes, guess how i feel cause now-a-days life's so surreal give me things that i need to fill me tell me that this gravity won't kill me and you don't have to cry for me and you don't have to lie for me this whole blue sky is falling down on me i feel gravity, holdin me down keepin my feet on the ground every time your around i feel gravity and i don't know what to do i keep on runnin from you i feel gravity, holdin me down keepin my feet on the ground every time your around i feel gravity and i don't know what to do i keep on runnin from you i feel gravity, holdin me down keepin my feet on the ground every time your around i feel gravity and i don't know what to do i keep on runnin from you i feel gravity, holdin me down keepin my feet on the ground every time your around i feel gravity and i don't know what to do i keep on runnin from you
"herkes bir gun toprak olacak" demenin bilimsel hali...
a perfect circle'ın thirteenth step albümünün son* parçası: lost again broken and weary unable to find my way tail in hand dizzy and clearly unable to just let this go i am surrendering to the gravity and the unknown catch me heal me lift me back up to the sun i choose to live i fell again like a baby unable to stand on my own tail in hand dizzy and clearly unable to just let this go high and surrendering to the gravity and the unknown catch me heal me lift me back up to the sun i choose to live, i choose to live, i choose to live catch me heal me lift me back up to the sun help me survive the bottom calm these hands before they snare another pill and drive another nail down another needy hole please release me i am surrendering to the gravity and the unknown catch me heal me lift me back up to the sun i choose to live, i choose to live
ağlanası bir coldplay şarkısı: baby, it's been a long time coming, such a long, long time. and i can't stop running, such a long, long time. can you hear my heart beating? can you hear that sound? cause i can't help thinking and i won't stop now and then i looked up at the sun and i could see oh, the way that gravity pulls on you and me, and then i looked up at the sky and saw the sun, and the way that gravity pushes on everyone, on everyone. baby, when your wheels stop turning and you feel let down and it seems like troubles have come all around i can hear your heart beating, i can hear that sound, and i can't help thinking. and i won't look now. and then i looked up at the sun and i could see oh, the way that gravity pulls on you and me, and then i looked up at the sky and saw the sun and the way that gravity pushes on everyone on everyone on everyone
ing. grave'lik, grave olma durumu.
uzaklara götüren john mayer şarkısı.. gregory house'un* bastonunu tekrar eline aldığı 3. sezon 3. bölüm finalinde duyulmuş, cuk oturmuş ve tekrar uçurmuştur.. gravity is working against me and gravity wants to bring me down oh i'll never know what makes this man with all the love that his heart can stand dream of ways to throw it all away oh gravity is working against me and gravity wants to bring me down oh twice as much aint twice as good and can't sustain like one half could it's wanting more that's gonna send me to my knees (repeat) oh gravity, stay the hell away from me oh gravity has taken better men than me you see now how can that be? just keep me where the light is just keep me where the light is keep you me where the light is just keep me where the light is ohh… where the light is!
anekdoten'in albüme adını veren parçası. sözleri*: soon an angel's leaving they're ruled by laws of gravity soon this door is closing and you'll never know unless you go no, you'll never know if you won't go wishing well of wonders glitter box of dreams inside lie bitter pills you know i never wanted to sing for your lover but the angels sang of love and outside the night was falling fly - fiery angels kiss the sky won't you shine your light down on me fly - through the blazing cosmic eye no, you'll never know if you won't go eleven ways to lose your mind seven ways to shine four doors that may take you in one that's closed behind i should have seen you leaving but i never thought you'd go no, i never thought you'd walk away it's getting dark, too dark to see and angel's a long time gone too many things i can't combine with logic reason how can i tell the black from white if all is black and blue? god knows where i'm going when the keeper waves me through...
olabilecek seylerin en guzeliydi. ama gorevini yerine getirdi sadece.. biraz yukarda ilk cumlede soylenen.
half life 2'den itibaren kullanılmaya başlanan gavur icadı silahın adı. (bkz: gravity gun)
en guzeli sara bareilles versiyonu olan sarki ismi... kendisi soyle gorunur aynen: something always brings me back to you. it never takes too long. no matter what i say or do, i'll still feel you here 'til the moment i'm gone. you hold me without touch. you keep me without chains. i never wanted anything so much, than to drown in your love and not feel your rain. set me free, leave me be. i don't want to fall another moment into your gravity. here i am and i stand so tall, just the way i'm supposed to be. but you're on to me and all over me. you loved me 'cause i'm fragile, when i thought that i was strong. but you touch me for a little while, and all my fragile strength is gone. set me free, leave me be. i don't want to fall another moment into your gravity. here i am and i stand so tall, just the way i'm supposed to be. but you're on to me and all over me. i live here on my knees, as i try to make you see, that you're everything i think, i need here on the ground. but you're neither friend nor foe, though i can't seem to let you go. the one thing that i still know is that, you're keeping me down... oooh. keeping me down...yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. you're on to me, you’re on to me and all over... something always brings me back to you. it never takes too long.
gözlerin bağlı, yağmurun altında, başın yukarda yürümek gibi bir şarkı.
the notwist'in the devil you + me albümünün en hasta şarkılarından. bring in the savage, bring in the loud kısmıyla ne newton kalıyor ne bir şey. i hear it's colder where we live now the same world but better somewhere else i see the planets spinning faster or is my body too slow i don't know, i don't know don't wanna be somewhere else oh, gravity won't get me oh, gravity won't get me oh, gravity won't get me oh, gravity won't get me i hear we live with what we run from the same world but better somewhere else i see the planets spinning faster or is my body too slow i don't know, i don't know don't wanna be somewhere else bring in the savage bring in the loud and fill our house with all the homey astronauts bring in the trouble it's where we live up on the roof i'll pray for love and disbelief
poets of the fall grubunun 2006 yılında piyasaya çıkan carnival of rust adlı albümünün 5. parçası. sözleri için : here at the station, standing in the rain, lost in my train of thought looking around for a better time again, but yesterday ain't running on this track unpredictable fortune, my past, lights up my future, at last, ending my torture like gravity like love, you get up after you fall like gravity like love i'm not afraid anymore like gravity like love, you get up after you fall, i ain't afraid no more out of no reason i've decided to stay, present a solution, to the problem, typical of me, that i concentrate on the destination so much that i miss the journey there and back unpredictable fortune, my past, lights up my future, at last, ending my torture like gravity like love, you get up after you fall like gravity like love i'm not afraid anymore like gravity like love, you get up after you fall, i ain't afraid no more if gravity was love, if gravity was love, if gravity was love...
aranıp da bulunamayan tess gerritsen kitabı. an itibariyle ingilizce versiyonu bazı online kitapçılarda stoklara girmiştir.*
bir dresden dolls şarkısı aynı zamanda. gravity plays favorites, i know it cause i saw. honest to god officer it's awful. [awful...] down at work, i'm getting too familiar with the floor trading in my talents by the mouthful. hate to break it to you, but it's out of my control, forces go to work while we are sleeping. [sleeping...] if i could attack with a more sensible approach obviously that's what i'd be doing [right?!] someone tell her, someone get her off! [now!] necks are cracking sideways, hit me from the back side. i am on the white side, you are on the black side. cut a piece that's bite size, shoot me from my good side. if you got a straight line, this would be a good time. gravity works slowly if you notice it at all, some of us are getting mighty lucky [aren't we?] if you had to live with this, you'd rather lie than fall, [you think i can't fly...?] well you just watch me! watch me! someone tell her, someone get her off! -you can do it good girl (recites abc's) [right] right foot [left] left foot that's just the way we showed you back in the car! can't put on the seat belt! posture, oh oh oh posture, oh oh- look i think she's going now... oh my god i'm gonna see if she's moving ok? i think we've lost her! [now!] necks are cracking sideways, hit me from the back side. i am on the thin side, you are on the fat side. cut a piece that's bite size, shoot me from my bad side. if you want a straight line, this would be a good time. the sky is always falling down on me, the sky is always falling, falling. the sky is always falling down on me, so officer, forgive me, please!
aynı zamanda ciddiyet, ehemmiyet, vehamet demektir ingilizce'de.
poets of the fall'un 2006 cikisli carnival of rust albumunden bir sarki. sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun. here at the station standing in the rain lost in my train of thoughts looking around for a better time again but yesterday ain't running on this track unpredictable fortunes my past lights up my future at last ending my torture torture oh yeah like gravity like love you get up after you fall like gravity like love i'm not afraid anymore like gravity like love you get up after you fall i ain't afraid no more out of no reason i've decided to stay present a solution to the problem so typical of me that i concentrate on the destination so much that i miss the journey there and back unpredictable fortunes my past lights up my future at last ending my torture torture oh yeah like gravity like love you get up after you fall like gravity like love i'm not afraid anymore like gravity like love you get up after you fall i ain't afraid no more if gravity was love... ilk defa dinleyerek sarki sozu yazdim, eglenceli bir seymis ama bir daha yapacagimi zannetmiyorum. yorucu. sigara su diyeti yerine uygulanabilir belki.
insanın ayaklarını yerden kesen apc şarkısı. özellikle kulaklıkta dinlenirken low gravity worms utility pack kullanıyormuş gibi hissedersin; adımlarının arasında 10 metre olan cinsten. özellikle 3. dakikadan sonra böyle bi tuhaf olur ritm ve sözlerin kulağa gelişi. en sonundaysa ayakların tüm ağırlığınla yere basar ve dersin ki: "i choose to live".
(bkz: gravity of love)
ing. kova (nesne olan kova değil, yapılan kova)
in search of sunrise 4'den bir grayarea şarkısı you gave away the one thing you held dear, it just won’t stop the ringing in your ear, and through the glass you're world is hazy the thirst has gone you're going crazy, you’re too far gone i promised you ya know it was a lie, i couldn’t save you if i tried, your scars they cut way to deep, so now i’ll put this lonely love to sleep, too far gone you’ll waste away in babylon at the time you couldn’t see that no one beats gravity
unuturken iyileştiğini, yükselirken hafiflediğini sanıp, aslında bir daha ayağa kalkamayacak kadar dibe batmış, kendi ağırlığında boğulan birinin, uyanışını ve birilerinin tutmasını umduğu elini uzatıp yaşamayı seçtiği birkaç dakikalık bir an.
twitter kullanıcıları için geliştirilmiş ücretli bir mobile uygulama. arayüzü ile ilgi uyandırıyor fakat ücretli olması biraz antipatik geliyor insana.
google vasıtası ile ücretsiz full sürümünü bulmak mümkün.
google reader desteği de sunmaya başlamıştır.
lise fiziğinin "atışlar" konusunda hava sürtünmesi önemsiz iken g(yer çekimi ivmesi)=10metre/saniye olarak karşınıza bol bol çıkacak a(ivme) yerine geçen yer çekimi kuvveti. işin dalgası 90 ların half life ında gravity düşürerek kendinizi ayda hissedebilirsiniz.
pixie lott'ın, debut albümü turn it up'dan çıkardığı 4. single... videosunu buradan* seyredebilirsiniz... sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun: gravity [x6] stop pullin' me i know that you still haven't found you, and when i wanna stand on my own too suddenly you start to show signs of what is possible then you're back to your ways and i let me down tell me why i keep tryin' stay around when all my family they always telling me to be through with you and i know that deep down i'm callin' time on you on you on you every time i'm ready to leave always seem to be pullin' in the wrong direction divin' in with no protection man, you can't keep steerin' me wrong oh gravity pullin' me back pullin' me in why you pullin' me back pullin' me in just like gravity gravity [x5] i know i betrayed but i'm made to ignore the universe when i see you cause every night the stars will shine verging into u-turns times anythin' that they can just to change my mind when i pass your road i can't help rewind what is wrong with me? all that i wanna be is through with you and i know that deep down i'm callin' time on you on you on you every time i'm ready to leave always seem to be pullin' in the wrong direction divin' in with no protection man, you can't keep steerin' me wrong oh gravity pullin' me back pullin' me in why you pullin' me back pullin' me in just like gravity gravity [x5] stop pulling me gravity [x5] be quiet, let me leave, let me go don't say another word cause with every sound you're pullin' me down baby, you got a hold on me like gravity yeah [x6] yeah [x5] gravity every time i'm ready to leave always seem to be pullin' in the wrong direction divin' in with no protection man, you can't keep steerin' me wrong oh gravity pullin' me back pullin' me in why you pullin' me back pullin' me in just like gravity gravity [x5] gravity, yeah gravity [x6]
our lady peacein 2002 tarihli albümünün adı. en kötü albumleri bu gibi, innocent ve sorry albumun başarılı parçalarından.
beni benden alan sara bareilles sarkisi.. birde bu sarkiya yapilmis cok guzel bir koreografi vardir ki asagidaki linkten izlenebilir. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aky8ksciosu
"help me survive the bottom!" kısmısı deşen şarkı. (bkz: a perfect circle)
nuno bettencourt'un schizophonic albümünden. sözleri şöyle; i've had my fun had my day in the sun now my body's a map of a cracked arizona time runnin' out and i'm melting away melting away i'm a human candle if you see me comin', start runnin' i'm the one you love if you see me cryin', start lyin' i'm the one you love failing to plead with a throat full of dust life falls asleep in a fetal position my skull is an egg like a flash in the pan a heavenly meal for the animal angels if you see me comin', start runnin' i'm the one you love if you see me cryin', start lyin' i'm the one you love gravity pulls my face, pulls my skin gravity why so soon, what's the rush gravity pulls me down, underground gravity hunt me down, make the kill if you see me comin', start runnin' i'm the one you love if you see me cryin', start lyin' i'm the one you love
starz kanalında yayınlanan, eric schaeffer'in yazıp yönettiği, başrolünü krysten ritter ile ivan sergei'nin paylaştığı, intihar edip başaramayan bir grubun başından geçenlerin anlatıldığı kara mizah dizisi.
twitter, facebook ve foursquare destekleyen s60 uygulaması. fiyatı da güzel ama.
twba'ın bu şarkısına ithafen efes pilsen one love festival 9'da "erlend is the gravity" diye pankart açılmıştır.
intro' dan itibaren sizi kendine alan bir john mayer parçası.
bu dizinin bir sevişme sahnesi var abi, bir an ghost falan seyrediyorum sandım. bir de dedektif cristian miller rolündeki adam bildiğin ssg lan.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1454468/
nokia için mi üretildi bilmiyorum, ama nokia telefonlardaki en iyi twitter app. yalnızca ufak bir sorun var. 15,99 lira olur mu lan! soygun bu!
symbian s60 işletim sistemi için ürerilmiş açık ara en iyi sosyal medya aparatı. gps'i olmayan nokia e63'te foursquare'a kayıtlı yerleri şebeke üzerinden konumumu belirleyerek bulmasıyla takdirimi kazanmıştır. google reader hesabıma çok kullanışlı bir şekilde bağlanmamı sağlayan bundan iyi program bulamadım bir yandan. snaptu'nun reader özelliği hikaye bunun yanında. twitter için de durum yine aynı. kurduğum trial versiyonunun deneme süresi bitecek 4 gün sonra. sanırım ilk kez bir uygulamaya para vermemi sağlayacaktır kendisi. bundan daha fazla parasını hak edni görmedim henüz.
dün gece tam uyumadan önce aklıma geldi melodi dönüp duruyor ama sözleri bir türlü tamamlayamiyorum falan, hayli uzun zamandır dinlemediğim a perfect circle şarkısıydı ki az önce atıverdim playliste. dinlerken neden bilinçaltımın derin katlarında sakladığımı anladım, hatırladım. ilk dakikada ağzıma sıçtı o sözler ve ses, sağol maynard james keenan.
alfonso cuarónun 2012 bombası. clooney ve bullock oynayacak imiş. vardır alfonsonun bir bildiği. alfonso iyidir, alfonso candır. alfonso işini bilir.
the vampire diaries'in soundtrackinde de bulunan muhteşem sarah bareilles şarkısıdır.
kimsenin pek bilmediği, kıyıda köşede kalmış, ama bunu hiç haketmeyen süpper bir apc şarkısıdır.
2007 yılında çıkardığı little voice albümünden bir sara bareilles şarkısı. the vampire diaries dizisi, loving annabelle ve girl play filmlerinde duyulmuştur. http://www2.mrtzc-download-server1.asia/…ng=gravity
bir de 2015 yılında gösterime girmesi beklenen film. 2012 yılında gösterime girecek olandan farklı.
başka sistemlerde ne alemde bilmiyorum ama s60 üzerinde süper. twitter a bunla girerim diyerek yüklemiştim ama, facebook ve google reader ı daha fazla kullanır oldum. hatta google reader kullanır oldum direkt. rss için outlook kullanırken artık outlook takilerin hepsini sildim ve olduğu gibi google reader a geçtim. ovi daily app tarafından, olması gereken uygulamalar arasına seçildiğini de belirteyim. diğer seçilenlerden ikisi için; (bkz: mobile documents) (bkz: doodle jump)
(bkz: cazibe)
aynı zamanda star trek voyager beşinci sezon on üçüncü bölümünün adı.
nokia belle için en iyi app. foursquare senkronizasyonunda default olarak problem çıkarsa da, bir üst sürümü yükleyerek kolayca çözebilirsiniz sorunu. ayrıca gravity facebook sayfası oldukça hızlı ve iyi teknik destek vermektedir. tek sorunu 16 tl olması.
kullanımında sıkıntı yaşadığım cep telefonu programıdır. şöyle ki; örneğin programı açık bırakıyorum aradan 3-5 saat geçiyor tabi, twitter'a bakıyorum 200 tane yeni tivit atılmış. en başa gelemiyorum, hepsini okumam gerekiyor. var mıdır direk en üste gelebilmenin bi yolu yordamı? telefon: nokia e71 reyiz. 1 gb hafıza kartı, soyulmuş tuş takımı, çatlamış arka kapak. evet.
20 dakikalık* bir plan-sekansla açılacak olan ve çoğunluğu uzunlu kısalı plan-sekans olmak üzere, 156 çekimden* oluşan film. cuarón'un üç beş tane oyuncuyla aksiyon ağırlık bir film çekmediğini varsayarsak, clooney güzel ödüller kapabilir.
wolf's rain isimli anime dizisinde maaya sakamoto'nun seslendirdiği outro müziği. pek de güzeldir. sözleri şöyle: been a long road to follow been there and gone tomorrow without saying goodbye to yesterday are the memories i hold still valid? or have the tears deluded them? maybe this time tomorrow the rain will cease to follow and the mist will fade into one more today something somewhere out there keeps calling am i going home? will i hear someone singing solace to the silent moon? zero gravity what's it like? am i alone? is somebody there beyond these heavy aching feet still the road keeps on telling me to go on something is pulling me i feel the gravity of it all http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31p_lcbwdgq
ingilizce'deki grave (mezar) kelimesi ile bu kadar yakın ses benzerliği olması insanı fevkaladenin fevkinde derin düşüncelere gark eder. işin enteresan kelimesi, iki kelimenin etimolojik kaynaklarının tamamen farklı olmasıdır.
http://mrdoob.com/…hromeexperiments/google-gravity/
the noose ile paralel giden apc işi. kusursuz.
elimde 5800 gorenler ay sen hala bu telefonu mu.... diyorlar. senin gibisi nasil android kullanmaz filan.haci sen android kullansan ucarsin filan. hala kesfetmedin mi androidi diyorlar ben de diyorum ki ben gravity yi kesfettim telefonu aldigimdan beri kullaniyorum. yani 3,5 yil. hala gelismeye devam ediyor. en cok kullandigim opera bile gelisme hizi olarak opera dan kat kat hizli. her ay yeni ozellikler ekleniyor ve bunlarin hepsini kolayca sunuyor. readebility destegiyle yarmis durumdadir. ben korsan kullandim. isim olsa parami da verirdim. cunku bu program olmasaydi elimde ki telefonu degistirmek zorunda kalirdim.
geliştiricisi jan ole suhr'un dediğine göre ios ve android versiyonu için çalışıyormuş. nokia kendisine siktir çektiği için windows phone'a yönelik bir çalışması yokmuş. olmadı reyiz. bizi o güzel eserinden mahrum bırakma...
dresden dolls'tan olanı için: delirmenin şarkısı. ama eğlenceli delirmenin. insan sabaha kadar şarkıcılık oynayabilir bununla. cut a piece that's bite size!!
