testament low albumundeki hizli ve de tatli thrash parcalardan biridir.
bildiğimiz ave maria. kendi başlığında da yazıyor olmasına rağmen buraya da ingilizce olarak yeniden geçirmek isterim: hail mary full of grace the lord is with thee blessed are thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, jesus holy mary, mother of god pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death amen "fruit of thy womb" tamlaması beni çok rahatsız ediyor, bulvar gazetesi ağzı gibi geliyor. yalnız değilmişim amelie'de karakterlerden hangisi olduğunu hatırlayamadığım bir kadıncağız da buna uyuz oluyordu, tamamen haklıydı.
2pacın güzel bir şarkısı ... klibinde kendisi görülmez ... makaveli mezardan çıkarak kendini öldürenlerden intikam alır ilginç bir klibi var ... 7 day theoryi güçlendirir gibi sanki ...
ja rule malının yaptığı loose change isimli şarkıdan sonra eminem ve 50 centin kendisine yanıt vermek için yaptıkları süper şarkı ... edit : sözlerin bir kısmı widowmaker tarafından düzeltilmiş şarkıdır ... intro - eminem: makaveli, rest in peace irv gotti, too much bacardi in his body blows like a 12 guage shotty feel me and this bitch said he should be the lost forgotten seed of tupac to lead this industry into the way of the man follow me be my mash fest at pac's fest chorus - eminem: come get me, motherfucker if you want shady, if pac was still here now he would never ride with ja na na na na na na na na verse 1 - eminem: you ain't no killer, you a pussy that ecstasy done got you all emotional and mushy bitches wearin rags in photos, ja's words being quoted in the source stealing pac's shit like he just wrote it you loudmouth, pray to god hoping no one's listening see 50 coming for me, oh my god ma, my position no one'll pay attention to me, please gotti here i go, give me this pill ecstasy done got me feelin so intensive [???] all a sudden i'm a fucking mad man who screams like i'm pac but i'm not, enemies, hennessy acting like i'm great, but i'm fake, i'm crazy sweat drip get me off this trip someone stop this train some say my brain is all corrupted fuck this shit i suck, i'm addicted to these drugs i'ma quit saying motherfuckers names before somebody fucks me up ain't no pussies over here partner, see you in hell chorus - eminem: come get me, motherfucker if you want shady, if pac was still here now he would never ride with ja na na na na na na na na get off that e 'fore you try to come and fuck shady "fuck with me" it's aftermath getting down, shady records got it locked la la la la la la la la verse 2 - 50 cent: penitentiaries is packed wit promise makers never realize the precious time that bitch niggas is wasting institutionalized my bitches bring me product by the bundle hustle hard for my sale, g-unit motherfucker, we balling catch me counting cheese and when i'm callin, do you accept my calls? still let me sip on hennessy, can i sip some more? hell, i done been to jail, i ain't scared mama checking in my bedroom, i ain't there i got a head with no screws in it motherfuckers thinking they can stop 50 they losing it little nigga named ja think he live like me talking about he left the hospital took nine like me you live in fantasies nigga i been checking your deposit when your little sweet ass gonna come out of the closet? now he wonderin why dmx blowed him out next time grown folks talking bitch, close your mouth peep me i take this war shit deeply done seen too many real niggas ball to let these bitch niggas beat me black child, you's a motherfucking punk and you'll see me with gloves quit scaring them fucking kids with your ugly ass mug and you can tell them niggas you roll wit whatever you want but you and i know what's going on nigga payback tah, i know your bitch ass from way back witness me strap the mac knew i don't play that all these old rappers trying to advance it's all over now take it like a man [laughs] irv looking like larry holmes, flabby and sick trying to playa hate on my shit eat a fat dick loving this shit, that's how you made me feeling like i got you niggas crazy uh huh, against all odds hoping my thug motherfuckers know this be the realest shit i ever wrote against all odds
ja rulea ayar veren parçanın 3.kısmında busta rhymes tarafından söylenen kısım aşağıdaki gibidir: verse 3 - busta rhymes hey yo i been one of the most humble rep the streets to the core hey jeffrey, what the fuck you comin involvin me for its been a long time comin like a blessin to check you see 106 and park fans dont even fucking respect you its kind of funny wannabe pac when he a fake thug(???) runnin around talkin fuck that he aint capable of now let me off this cocksucker watch me handle you nigga if i recall violator used to manage you nigga then took a closer look and realized you were an imposter theres never been a violator on a murder inc roster dumbass now whos shootin....awww made ya look you said bus singing the same ol hook? you stupid if ya'll shootin i'll take a look at yo man the bitch shot himself in front of def jam cheddar bob ass niggaz start adjustin your plans you let the streets down nigga apologize to yo fans watch you pull a lil stunt like we aint no one anymore lil faggot that be desperate tryin while we tryin establish a buzz(????) i know the fuck is drivin you crazy you be wondering how the streets aint never wanted you beatrice what you gonna do now? now if you wanna beef with me then im gonna beef with you i think about the game and what it would be without you ... (ja rule vokali ile söylüyor burda) you finished i aint tryin to repeat this just cuz im cool you shouldnt take my kindness for weakness
(bkz: body guard)
testament ın low albümünden muhteşem bir şarkı... sözleri şöyledir; i am alive i feel dirt in my eyes there's no escape when redemption is lost i'm not a saint there's no use to looking no sins to deny just my will to go on armas of darkness embrace me in madness in my life it's mandatory hard to resist you i still can't forgive you for sins that i cannot wash away hail mary full of grace throw some light upon this race intertwining final breath now... in the hour of death bound by the lies of constant denial pay for my sins that i bear for a child i'm not a saint there's no use denying falling from grace is my reason to go on hail mary full of grace put me down, and kick me in my face intertwining final breath now... in the hour of death
live at the fillmore albümündeki versiyonun çok gaz olduğu bi testament parçası. ama nedendir bilmem bana aynı zamanda çok hüzünlü gelir.
2pac 7 day theory adlı albümde birbirinden güzel parçalar içinde en güzeli. tüyleri diken diken eder. bu parçayı dinledikten sonra o kadar çok yapılacak şey vardır ki.
2. verse'ı insanı alıp götüren ayrı bir tupac şarkısı.
aşmış bir mark owen şarkısı.. bende, klibiyle de birleşince hep queen mary dönemlerini çağrıştırmıştır; tuhaf bir etkisi vardır. sözleri de şöyledir: hail mary in a town, theres a house, in the house there's a bed, in the bed, there's a man on his back. she said, she likes it like that in a room, theres a print of a klimpt in a frame starring down off the wall, wall ,wall is there a god for us all? fate to the man on the bed he said darling when you come for me, hail mary! darling when you set me free, hail mary! darling when you look my way, you always seem to be, the better part of me, hail mary... theres a heart in a cage and the heart, like a clock til it stops sends the blood to his veins back on the surface again. in a room, in the room with a view of the love that is killing his pain, pain, pain into the walls of his sin he's breaking out as she's breaking in darling when you come for me, hail mary! darling when you set me free, hail mary! darling when you look my way, you always seem to be, the better part of me, hail mary... you always seem to be, the better part of me, you always seem to be, the better part of me, you always seem to be, the better part of me, hail mary i'm a man in a room with a view of the stars hanging over the town hell mary where are you know? im looking up are you looking down? darling when you come for me, hail mary! darling when you set me free, hail mary! darling when you look my way, you always seem to be, the better part of me, hail mary... darling when you come for me, hail mary! darling when you set me free, hail mary! darling when you look my way, you always seem to be, the better part of me, hail mary...
amerikan futbolunda bir oyun. son saniye'lerde takım gerideyse ve bu son oyunu olup alan golü için pozisyon çok uzaksa buna başvurulur. bir nevi besmele çekip yeminini bozmak ilişkisi görülebilir. zira wide receiver, rb, fb, allah ne verdiyse endzone'a gönderilir. tabii defans da bunu yemez, allah ne verdiyse o da endzone'a gönderir. sonuç olarak sıcak patates tutar gibi bi vaziyet oluşur, bazen işe yarar. arada sırada qb'ler herkesin endzone'da takılıyor olmasından faydalanıp "du ben koşayim" diyebilirler. sayıyı alan çok ender çıkar.
(bkz: ia orana maria)
4 wide receiver (wr) ın da kaptırıp ileri koştuğu genelde singleback formasyoununda taşşaklı bi qb ile yapılması gereken hareket. 4 wr da koşunca anasının amı denebilecek mesafelerden bahsediliyor ve 30-40 yarda pas atılması gerekebiliyor duruma göre.
küçük kardeşi don michael corleone'nin emri doğrultusunda, al neri tarafından tahoe gölü'nde, kafasının arkasına sıfır menzilden atılan tek kurşun ile öldürülen fredo corleone'nin infaz edildiği sırada okumakta olduğu dua.
tupac ın yardırmış bir parçası. makaveli in this killuminati, all through your body. the blows like a 12 guage shotty. uhh feel me. god said he should send his one begotten son to lead the wild in to the ways of the man. follow me. be my flesh, flesh and my flesh chorus come with me, hail mary, nigga run quick, see, what do we have here now? do you wanna ride or die? la, la la la, la, la, la la i ain't a killa but don't push me revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettin pussy picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words being quoted peep the weakness in the rap game and showed it bow down, pray to god hoping that he's listenin seein niggas comin for me, through my diamonds, when they glistenin now pay attention, rest me please father, i'm a ghost in these killin fields, hail mary catch me if i go, let's go deep inside the solitary mind of a mad man screams in the dark, evil lurks, enemies, see me flee activate my hate, let it break, to the flame set trip, empty out my clip, never stop to aim, some say the game is all corupted, fuck this shit, stuck, niggas lucky if we bust out this shit, plus momma told me never stop until i bust a nut, fuck the world if they can't adjust. it's just as well hail mary. chorus 2x penitentiary is packed, with promise makers never realize the precious time the bitch niggas is wastin' institutionalized i live my life a product made to crumble, much to hardened for a smile, were to crazy to be humble we ballin catch me father please cause i'm fallin, in the liquor store pass the hennessy i hear ya callin can i get some more? hail till i reach hell, i ain't scared. momma checkin in my bedroom i ain't there. i got a head wit no screws in it what can i do one life to live but i got nothin to lose just me and you on a one way trip to prison sellin drugs we all wrapped up in this livin life as thugs to my homeboys in clinton max, doin there bid, raise hell to this real shit and feel this when they turn out the lights i'll be down in the dark thuggin eternal through my heart now hail mary nigga chorus 2x castro they got an apb out on my thug family since the outlawz run these streets like these scandalous freaks our enemies die now, walk around half dead head down k blasted off hennessy and ty chronic mixed now i'm twisted, blisted and high visions of me thug livin gettin' me by forever live, and i multiply survive by thugs when i die they won't cry unless they comin with slugs. young noble peep the whole seen, and whatever goin on around me brain kinda cloudy smoked and out feelin rowdy ready wet the party up and whoever in that motherfucka nasty new street slugger my heat seeks suckas on a regula mashin in a stolen black ack integera cock back sixty seconds till the draw that's when i deadin ya feet first ya gotta a nice gat but my heat's worse from a thug to preachin preachin church i gave you love now you eatin dirt needin work and i ain't the nigga to put you up on, cause word in bond when i was broke i had to hustle till dawn that's when sun came up there's only one way up, hold ya head stay up to all my nigga's get ya pay and wait up castro if it's on then it's on, we rate b-breaks outlaws on a paper chase, can you relate to this shit i don't got, be the shit i gotta take dealin wit fate hoping god don't close the gate. repeat chorus and verse we've been traveling on this wavy road, long time life can be a heavy load but we ride, ride it like a bullet hail mary, hail mary we won't worry everything with corine we free like the bird in the tree we won't worry everything with corine yes we free like the bird in the tree we runnin from the penitentiary this is the time for reliberty hail mary, hail mary westside, outlawz, makaveli tha don, solo, killuminati, the 7 dayz
bir 2pac şarkısı. sansasyonel içerikteki klibi 2pac'ın ölümünden az bir süre sonra yayınlanarak onun ölmediği yönünde dedikoduların çıkmasını sağlamıştır.
(bkz: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywppll1tl8e)
low albumunun en saglam sarkilarindan biri olmasinin yanisira fredo corleonenin agzindan cikan son kelimeler silsilesi olmustur
sadece amerikan futbolunda değil basketbolda da benzer bir anlama sahiptir. maçın ya da periyodun sonuna saniyeler kala sahanın bir ucundan diğer ucuna atılan pas veya şuta denir. sayıyla sonuçlananı için; (bkz: buzzer beater)
(1) kelimenin asıl manası: meşhur bir katolik duası. (bkz: ave maria) (2) kelimenin, asıl manasından mülhem, popüler manası: amerikan futbolu, basketbol ya da herhangi bir başka spor müsabakasında (özellikle son saniyelerde) "bir ihtimal skor elde ederim" ümidiyle topu (çok uzaktan da olsa) kaleye ya da potaya fırlamak, (3) kelimenin, popüler manasından mülhem, deyimleşmiş manası: ihtimalin düşük olduğu herhangi bir durumda, kesin bir şekilde kaybetmektense eldeki imkanlar dahilinde şansını denemek. (mesela: polisin, bir saat sonra şehirdeki üç binadan birinde bir bomba patlayacağını öğrenmesi ve elindeki imkanlar sadece bir lokasyona bomba imha ekibi göndermeye elvermesi durumunda, ekibi hiçbir şey yapmadan bekletmek yerine ilgili üç binadan birine göndererek "şansını denemesi". ya da: bir öğrencinin kesinlikle geçer not alamayacağını bildiği bir testte boş bir cevap anahtarı teslim etmek yerine "şansını deneyerek" şıkları rastgele doldurması. bu son örneğin cümle içinde kullanımı: i knew i had no chances of passing the multiple-choice test, so i decided to take a hail mary shot, and randomly filled in the answer sheet!) tema: (bkz: ingilizce/@derinsular)
(bkz: yaradana sığınmak)
(bkz: all in)
klibi ayrı kendisi ayrı efsane olmuş 2pac ya da o zamanki adıyla makaveli şarkısı.7 day theory'nin çıkış noktası belki de mezar sahneleriyle.ama 16 yıl oldu ne gelen var ne giden. klibin sonunda 2 adamın mezar taşını okumaya çalışıp gülmeleri de ayrı bir enstantane.
