(bkz: parliament) (bkz: mothership connection) oh, do i have to put my hand cuffs on you, mama? do i have to keep under lock and key? do i have to put hand cuffs on you, mama? now we both know that's not how it should be do i have to put my hand cuffs on you, mama? you're a sweet fine sexy woman and you're good to a man cause if i have to put my hand cuffs on you, mama i hope that you will understand if i have to keep you barefoot and pregnant oh, to keep you here in my world (lay down, girl) lay down and take off-a your shoes cause i'm a-gonna do to you what it is i got to do if we've been fighting like you say that we do i know you won't mind, if i'm possessive, now would you? you preach about lovin', you know it is to blame that's why i can ask you and not even feel ashamed do i have to put my hand cuffs on you, mama? are you susceptible to flattery and games (lord games???) do i have to put my hand cuffs on you, mama? will you submit to the first human to be called a name? cause if i have to put my hand cuffs on you, mama don't you know i know, that that would be uncool do i have to put my hand cuffs on you, mama? i don't mind, i'll offer the moon, yeah yeah, i'll be the fool i don't care about lookin' like some kinda chauvanistic whatever all who call me that??? can go to hell if i find that i need some help gonna put on my chastity belt what it is, i got to do if we've been fighting like you say that we do then you won't mind, if i'm possessive, now would you? you preach about lovin', you know it is to blame that's why i can ask you and not even feel ashamed oh, do i have to put my hand cuffs on you, mama? do i have to keep under lock and key? (ahhh) do i have to put hand cuffs on you, mama? now we both know that's not how it should be do i have to put my hand cuffs on you, mama? are you susceptible to flattery and games (lord games???) do i have to put my hand cuffs on you, mama? girl, you're a sweet fine sexy woman and you're good to man will you submit to the first human to be called a name? hopin' you, hopin' you will understand
lost dizisinde ilk sezon boyunca elden ele gezen nesne.
