orada neler oluyor'da animasyon yapmaya calisirlarken calan sarkinin sozleri, hands up, baby, hands up, gimme your heart, gimme, gimme your heart give it, give it. hands up, baby, hands up, gimme your heart, gimme, gimme all your love, all your love. angel face, i love your smile, love your ways, i like your style. what can i do to get closer to you? don't think twice or count to ten. don't take advise, don't ask me when. just come my way, simply kiss me and say: hands up, baby, hands up, ... with you head up in the sky, every day you're walking by, why don't you ever starts looking at me? stop that game, don't waste your time, for all your dreams are matchin' mine, no use to play hide and seek for a week. hands up, baby, hands up, ... let me be your romeo, your wonder boy, and your super champ. let me take you to the milky way on a holiday, on a holiday. follow me (follow me) why don't you follow me (why don't you follow me)? just come my way simply kiss me and say: hands up, baby, hands up, ...
1970'lerde discolarda fırtına gibi esen şarkı. "ottowan" imzalı. "give me your heart" diye ikinci bir ismi de vardır.
"urlaub" diye almanca versiyonu da yapılmıştı hatta.
(bkz: hands up baby hands up)
sabahlari bbg evinde calar bu parca hem de yuz gun boyunca calar,karakterlerimiz bu parca esliginde uyanır ve akabinde dans etmeye baslarlar bir nevi bbg iskencesidir..bir de hemen ardindan "aygat cuf cuf cuf" gibi akillara ziyan bir parcayla iskence sozluk anlamini kazanir.
ing. eller yukari
black eyed peas'in elephunk'ının track 1i olurlar.samba mambo tadında bir başlangıcı vardır, 1930lardan alınmıs samplelar gibi durmaktadır.çok hızlı bir rap girisi ile devam ederler hatta busta rhymes soslu bir şarkıdır bile denebilir.dil çıkartma sesleri duyulur, hafiften absürddür.adamlar "let's get retarded" demislerdir.daha ne olsundur.
sözlerini de ekleyeyim basladığım işi bitireyim; (hook) hands up coming with rhythms to make your head jerk hands up we makin’ the whole joint short circuit hands high touch the sky get 'em up get 'em up, get 'em up, get 'em up, get 'em up, get ‘em up [[[get 'em up]]] (verse 1) we goin’ make you move we goin’ make it hot elbows above your heads peoples we holdin’ up the spot we goin’ get it going even if y’all don’t be knowing "y’all don’t be knowin’" cuz this shit that we throwing get going gone retarded start it up banging out hits now we chartin’ up didn’t mean bump ya’ pardon us diggin’ this cut cuz we sharpened up you dumbin' it down we smartened it up we penetrate even though your guard was up get down to the peas cuz we fallin’ up electric cuz we like charging up we the b.e.peas uh rhythmic sonic pleaser getcha hot like fever boiling [[[two]]] hundred degrees ahhhh your burning up heats getting low let me turn it up let me fuck up your ear till my sperm is up in your brain and the baby will.i.am’s be saying (hook) (verse 2) tabamatic flows deeper than atlantic o’s apl de ap got ridiculous flows catchin’ rhythm makin’ ‘em grow mathematic apl will go up in the scene we original you know what i mean bep mineral stormin’ strong for [[[the]]] several baracade laid for you terribles ho, i'm the chief filipino letting you know we about to blow will.i.am, ap and tab double o set 'em up shut 'em down get 'em up time for us to raise it up never going down always headin’ up raise your hands cuz we blaze it up anybody here who waited long to you i dedicate this song ain’t nothing wrong gotta make it right straight to the point this is the new joint and you know this is the jam y’all come on down and dance y’all have a ball y’all throw your hands up (hook) (vrs 3) black eyed peas will announce some things that you can’t avoid you need to ba-ba-ba bounce to this ba-ba-ba-ba bounce to our joint we come with more than an ounce more like a tone full of noise so ba-ba-ba-ba bounce to this ba-ba-ba-ba bounce to our joint we came getcha getcha bouncin’ so getcha getcha ass up we gotcha gotcha movin’ lets make it hotta’ hotta’ then moltin’ lava bubblin’ like boilin’ water ahhhhh (hook) (vamp) hands up, getcha hands up [[[get]]] your hands in the air like it’s a stick up hands up getcha hands up the reason why they up cuz we rip shit up
tatil köylerinin resmi animasyon şarkısıdır.rivayete göre bu şarkıyı arşivinde bulundurmayan tatil köylerine işletme ruhasatı verilmezmiş. (bkz: biz bilyoruzda mı oynuyoruz canım)
the o.c. pilot bölümünde çalan şarkı
gökkubede çınladığı sırada dans eden insanlara, bir teletubby karizması ve metaneti kazandıran ölümsüz eser. (bkz: tinky winky) (bkz: dipsy) (bkz: lala) (bkz: po)
(bkz: put your hands up in the air)
tatil köylerinde genelde çocukları eğlendirme amaçlı animasyonlarda çalar bu şarkı, bunun kankası vardır bir de: (bkz: gimme hope joanna)
cok hos bir lloyd banks sarkisi ayni zamanda.
lloyd banks' den geliyor siradaki parca. hands up. put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up [50 cent (lloyd banks)] hands up shorty when you party with me, we goin' way past quarter to three (i said hands up!) i'm good in the v.i.p. i got my hammer right here with me (i said hands up!) you know when you party with crooks, you gotta learn to respect the jokes (i said hands up!) everything ain't cruise to fame, this shit ain't sweet as it looks (i said hands up!) [lloyd banks (50 cent)] you know i'm puttin' something on me right before i leave outta the car (put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up we came to party) you don't tough talkin' at me you gonna leave outta the club with a scar (put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up we came to party) we pop bottles like it's all free fo' i leave i'ma buy out the bar (put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up we came to party) you can order what you want it's on me i'm a g take a look at star (put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up we came to party) [verse 1: lloyd banks] it feels so good to live sucker free i'm soakin' it all up while your girl suckin' me it mean the world to her, it's nothing but a nut to me look miss, get a grip and let a motherfucker be i'm a rap star who wants to be ridin' around in that car two in the front and the back got the plasma this ain't a free ride you gotta have the gas ma i wouldn't buy a chick a pump that got asthma and i'm busy so i move a bit faster you can't tell me yes if i don't ask ya ha ha i'm a bastard damn near showin' his hand over the plastic cause they wanna see your man go in the casket rule number one keep your gun and get your ass hit that's it lights off and your body's stiff by the same niggas you used to party with [50 cent (lloyd banks)] hands up shorty when you party with me, we goin' way past quarter to three (i said hands up!) i'm good in the v.i.p. i got my hammer right here with me (i said hands up!) you know when you party with crooks, you gotta learn to respect the jokes (i said hands up!) everything ain't cruise to fame, this shit ain't sweet as it looks (i said hands up!) [lloyd banks (50 cent)] you know i'm puttin' something on me right before i leave outta the car (put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up we came to party) you don't tough talkin' at me you gonna leave outta the club with a scar (put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up we came to party) we pop bottles like it's all free fo' i leave i'ma buy out the bar (put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up we came to party) you can order what you want it's on me i'm a g take a look at star (put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up we came to party) [verse 2: lloyd banks] i cruise through the strip 22's on the whip new rule: gonna hit thousand dollar outfit never snooze never slip follow rules or get whip nigga move or get hit i don't care who's on the strip it ain't only the ferrari now the jewels got him sick now it's 2006 i need a new bottom miss it's aight they can talk i'm amused by the pricks i'm the news out the bricks nigga who's hot as this i bet the mansion and the swimming pool got 'em pissed i ain't a cuddler i fuck the drool outta chick my niggas ice grill but it ain't the same they don't see the faces they just see the chains like oh when you get 'em they don't know you with me they probably think the bouncers at the front door frisk me this is regular shit the everyday mentality they charged up don't make me put in the battery [50 cent (lloyd banks)] hands up shorty when you party with me, we goin' way past quarter to three (i said hands up!) i'm good in the v.i.p. i got my hammer right here with me (i said hands up!) you know when you party with crooks, you gotta learn to respect the jokes (i said hands up!) everything ain't cruise to fame, this shit ain't sweet as it looks (i said hands up!) [lloyd banks (50 cent)] you know i'm puttin' something on me right before i leave outta the car (put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up we came to party) you don't tough talkin' at me you gonna leave outta the club with a scar (put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up we came to party) we pop bottles like it's all free fo' i leave i'ma buy out the bar (put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up we came to party) you can order what you want it's on me i'm a g take a look at star (put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up we came to party) put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up
ayrıca soundboy rock albümünün bonus tracklerinden birisi olan groove armada şarkısı. haydi eller havaya öyleyse: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvp0lf14lcs what is it? it ain't a black thing, or a white thing get high, get drunk all night it's a chill, hangout make sure you're all right when they play this song, they start dancin' if they can't get in they throw a tantrum when the girls see me they say i'm handsome dj, play this, my anthem if you feel good, put your hands up i'ma get the party people what they payin' for don't be hollywood put your hands, put your hands put your hands up if you feel good, put your hands up i'ma get the party people what they payin' for don't be hollywood put your hands, put your hands put your hands up groove! you gotta boogie on to the dance floor, let your hands go i'ma get the party people what they payin' for and now when i go out to the club i'm trying dance and cut a rug i'm a get a few drinks in my system, system and holla at a freak in my distance i say, 'hey lil mama i like your style' she see my goatee and said, 'i like your style' got some weed, a girl, a bottle of patron right now, uh uh uh groove! if you feel good, put your hands up i'ma get the party people what they payin' for don't be hollywood put your hands, put your hands put your hands up if you feel good, put your hands up i'ma get the party people what they payin' for don't be hollywood put your hands, put your hands put your hands up c'mon! get on the flo' just dance and move to the rhythm 'i don't know how i got 'em' man, do i get 'em when i step in a party, all i wanna see is women i'm young, i'm fly, i'm fresh, i'm ha ha dj can you play my favorite song? i've been wantin' to hear it all night long hey dj, put me in the mix so i can bounce and move like this if you feel good, put your hands up i'ma get the party people what they payin' for don't be hollywood put your hands, put your hands put your hands up if you feel good, put your hands up i'ma get the party people what they payin' for don't be hollywood put your hands, put your hands put your hands up c'mon! groove! uh uh it ain't a black thing, or a white thing get high, get drunk all night it's a chill, hangout make sure you're all right when they play this song, they start dancin' if they can't get in they throw a tantrum when the girls see me they say i'm handsome dj, play this, my anthem if you feel good, put your hands up i'ma get the party people what they payin' for don't be hollywood put your hands, put your hands put your hands up if you feel good, put your hands up i'ma get the party people what they payin' for don't be hollywood put your hands, put your hands put your hands up y-y-yeah got some weed, a girl, a bottle of patron right now, uh uh uh groove! c'mon! get on the flo' you gotta put me on
bet sesimle "hands up no it never ends would you go country before all your friends" diye bağırmayı çok sevdiğim (nüans kaymaları katarak işin içine) güzel bir soltero şarkısı. şarkı hell train albümünün yedinci şarkısı. dinlemek isteyenler için. sözleri: everybody knows so everyone says it's built on your bones it's stacked on your stones and everybody tries to mean it for real like who do you trust what do you steal and how many foreigners can i really feel you put away all your poems and you buried the box the day that you were rejected from the school of hard knocks and i took a permanent marker to my deepest desires took a look inside and i cut all of the wires hands up we got back to the questions gave up on a better direction hands up we go back to the scene i often wonder what the answers mean there's a place in the sky where the canadians go they got a password that i i don't think i'll ever know so we keep a place in the corner where we can stay for a while just keep your hands in your lap don't give a smile don't give a smile hands up we go back to the questions gave up on a better direction hands up no it never ends would you go country before all your friends hands up we go back to the questions gave up on another election hands up with your heart on your sleeve oh life before death - yeah oh yeah, i believe.
