madonnanın i m breathless albümünden neşeli bir şarkı. sözleri: some girls, they like candy, and others, they like to grind, i'll settle for the back of your hand somewhere on my behind. treat me like i'm a bad girl, even when i'm being good to you, i don't want you to thank me, you can just spank me. mmm. some guys like to sweet talk, and others, they like to tease, tie my hands behind my back and, ooo, i'm in ecstasy. don't slobber me with kisses, i can get that from my sisters, before i get too cranky, you better... chorus: like hanky panky [hanky panky], nothing like a good spanky [good spanky]. don't take out your handkerchiefs, i don't wanna cry, i just wanna hanky panky. like hanky panky [hanky panky], nothing like a good spanky [good spanky]. don't take out your handkerchiefs, i don't wanna cry, i just wanna hanky panky guy. oooo. please don't call a doctor, 'cause there's nothing wrong with me, i just like things a little rough and you better not disagree. 'cause i don't like a big softie, [no], i like someone mean and bossy, let me speak to you frankly, you better... (chorus) oooo, yeah. spoken: what about? yeah. that's an interesting... oooo. my bottom hurts just thinking about it. [she wants you to] treat me like i'm a bad girl, [she needs you to] even when i'm being good to you. i don't want you to thank me [don't thank her], you better... (chorus) [hanky panky] oooh, yeah [good spanky] get the picture? [don't wanna cry, i just wanna] that's the way i came into this world, the doctor said, "lady, she's a beautiful girl." he gave me a spanky and the doctor smiled, so give it up, honey, 'cause i want it. yeah. [hanky panky, good spanky, don't wanna cry, i just wanna]
the the'nin, daha dogrusu ev sahibi matt johnson'un hank williams cover'larindan mutesekkil albumu.. butun sarkilar sanki the the'nin kendi sarkilariymis gibiydi ama nedense ustunde bir kifayetsizlik vardi yine de..
(bkz: oynasmak)
ingilizce : dalavere
(bkz: tinky winky) *
barbie girl eserinde firlama ken oglan der ki -kiss me here, touch me there, hanky panky
blond ambition turnesinden çekim bir klibi vardır bu şarkının.
(bkz: honki ponki)
kabala bile madonna'nın 14 koca yıl sonra bu şarkıyı söyleyip kıçına şaplak yemesini engellememiştir ve the re-invention tour'da da söylenmiştir bu şarkı. madonna, kırmızı siyah çizgili elbisesi, transaparan çorabı ve sirk temalı sahnede şarkıyı söyler.
gene wilder'ın da oynadığı bir film. ayrıca ingilizcede elleşmek, oynaşmak, fingirdeşmek. (bkz: slap and tickle)
(bkz: dick tracy) (bkz: soundtrack)
tommy james and the shondells tarafından söylenen 60'lar şarkısı. sözleri şöyledir; my baby does the hanky panky, my baby does the hanky panky, my baby does the hanky panky, my baby does the hanky panky, my baby does the hanky panky! i saw her walking on down the line. you know i saw her for the very first time. a pretty little girl standing all alone. "hey baby, can i take you home?" i never saw her, never really saw her. my baby does the hanky panky, my baby does the hanky panky, my baby does the hanky panky, my baby does the hanky panky, my baby does the hanky panky! ustalara saygı kuşağı amatör videosu da; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqcjtp9rtiy
nefis bir ritme ve pek şamatalı sözlere sâhip, caz ve popun birleşiminden oluşan hârika bir madonna şarkısı. i'm breathless'ın ikinci ve ne yazık ki son single'ı.
