abba'nin super trouper albumunun 6. $arkisi. no more champagne and the fireworks are through here we are, me and you feeling lost and feeling blue it's the end of the party and the morning seems so grey so unlike yesterday now's the time for us to say happy new year happy new year may we all have a vision now and then of a world where every neighbour is a friend happy new year happy new year may we all have our hopes, our will to try if we don't we might as well lay down and die you and i sometimes i see how the brave new world arrives and i see how it thrives in the ashes of our lives oh yes, man is a fool and he thinks he'll be okay dragging on, feet of clay never knowing he's astray keeps on going anyway happy new year happy new year may we all have a vision now and then of a world where every neighbour is a friend happy new year happy new year may we all have our hopes, our will to try if we don't we might as well lay down and die you and i seems to me now that the dreams we had before are all dead, nothing more than confetti on the floor it's the end of a decade in another ten years time who can say what we'll find what lies waiting down the line in the end of eighty-nine happy new year happy new year may we all have a vision now and then of a world where every neighbour is a friend happy new year happy new year may we all have our hopes, our will to try if we don't we might as well lay down and die you and i
ingilizcede "yeni yilin kutlu olsun" anlamindadir.
(bkz: merry christmas)
camera obscura'nin kirik dokuk iyi yillar dilegidir, kirik dokuk yil sonu mixleri* icin yerinde bir secimdir. gelgelelim saat sabahin dordu olmus, araligin sonu kapida; kim ugrasir mixle remixle diyor, hava raporunu veriyoruz: did the ironing in a cowboy hat felt as fresh as the paint in this new flat i will never tell you what to do have ambition simply to see things through did you know i could be a lot of fun i'm aware that friendship can die young as the glow from the street light bled down the langlands road we set off the best of friends i know where i stand i don't need you to hold my hand well, i've tried to get along with you i have asked myself "what are we gonna do?" i'm coming round to take a stand going to put us together with glue or an elastic band i know where i stand i don't need you to hold my hand i am softer than my face would suggest at times like these i'm at my lowest ebb now i can confide in you if i cry to set the mood oh please could you cry too happy new year you are my only vice what if we compromised? i am open do you have to wear a frown like that? you could have hit me with a baseball bat do you want to? (yes i do) do you have to? (so do you) do you want to? (so do you)
http://www.icq.com/…ndship/static/card_16961_rs.swf cok tatlı bir animasyon.. yeni yıl için güzel bir mesaj
aynı zamanda full house dördüncü sezon on üçüncü bölümünün adı.
1973 fransız yapımı bir film. en iyi makyaj dalında oscar'a aday gösterilmiştir. imdb sayfası: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0069815/ ayırca 1987'de amerikalılar tarafından yeniden çevrimi yapılmıştır. onun da imdb sayfası şu şekilde: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093145/
yeni yıla girme gerginliğine iyi gelen bir abba şarkısı.. hep beraber söyleyelim.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uo0jauwijm
