ìng. dogum günün kutlu olsun.
(bkz: unhappy birthday)
20. yaş gününde robert'ın simon için çaldığı, seventeen seconds'dan three üzerine yazılmış bir the cure laneti..bir doğum gününde dilenebilecek en vurucu şeyi dilemiş robert: "i wish i was an other"... simon is twenty in half an hour, so this is for him. those down days when you felt so young and everything seemed you saw the people around you getting old you wake up the teenage yearn is gone for you it happens to others it happens all the time happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday to you the candles on the cake waiting to be blown wish i was an other (bkz: simon gallup)
bu adda bir parça yapmaya belki de en çok hakkı olan grup the birthday party'nin '79 sonunda konserlerinde çalmaya başladıkları, bir doğumgünü nesnesi(!)
(bkz: joyeux anniversaire)
(bkz: hepi böh dey) (bkz: cadılar bayramı)
(bkz: happy birthday to you)
sufjan stevens'in da bu isimde cok tatli bir parcasi var. sozleri gercekten cok guzel.. like the lantern on a tree your burden bright as weary be. periwig on parakeet, you're god's great paramour and sweet. i'm happy, i'm happy your birthday brings a pardoning. i'm happy, i'm happy you're like a bird that will not be. yours will number, yours will be a paragon a paraclete. keep your bed warm, keep your humor, keep your proverbs short and sweet. i'm sorry, i'm sorry that life is anxious, life is mean. i'm sorry, i'm sorry a pair of shoes is what you need. i'm happy, i'm happy your birthday brings a pardoning. i'm happy, i'm happy you're like a bird that will not be.
veletler grubunun yazıp bestelediği bir şarkıdır. sözleri şöyledir; happy birthday to you happy birthday to you yap çişini uyu limonata suyu çok kötüdür huyu.
flipsyde'ın 2005 çıkışlı we the people albümündeki en güzel şarkılardan biri. please accept my apologies, wonder what would have been would you've been a little angel or an angel of sin? tom-boy running around, hanging with all the guys. or a little tough boy with beautiful brown eyes? i payed for the murder before they determined the sex choosing our life over your life meant your death and you never got'a chance to even open your eyes sometimes i wonder as a foetus if you faught for your life? would you have been a little genius in love with math? would you have played in your school clothes and made me mad? would you have been a little rapper like your papa da piper? would you have made me quit smokin' by finding one of my lighters? i wonder about your skintone and shape of your nose? and the way you would have laughed and talked fast or slow? think about it every year, so i picked up a pen happy birthday, love you whoever you woulda been happy birthday... what i thought was a dream (make a wish) was as real as it seemed (happy birthday) what i thought was a dream (make a wish) was as real as it seemed i made a mistake! i've got a millon excuses to why you died bet the people got their own reasons for homicide who's to say it woulda worked, and who's to say it wouldn't have? i was young and strugglin' but old enough to be your dad the fear of being my father has never disappeared pondering frequently while i'm sippin' on my beer my vision of a family was artificial and fake so when it came time to create i made a mistake now you've got a little brother maybe he's really you? maybe you really forgave us knowin' we was confused? maybe everytime that he smiles it's you proudly knowin' that your father's doin' the right thing now? i never tell a woman what to do with her body but if she don't love children then we can't party think about it every year, so i picked up a pen happy birthday, love you whoever you woulda been happy birthday... what i thought was a dream (make a wish) was as real as it seemed (happy birthday) what i thought was a dream (yeah, make a wish) was as real as it seemed i made a mistake! and from the heavens to the womb to the heavens again from the endin' to the endin', never got to begin maybe one day we could meet face to face? in a place without time and space happy birthday... happy birthday... what i thought was a dream (make a wish) was as real as it seemed (happy birthday) what i thought was a dream (make a wish) was as real as it seemed i made a mistake...! (bkz: alin teri degil copy paste)
the innocense misson'ın we walked in song albümünden bir parça. * when you wake up sun will shine. we will not go under any cloud. let balloons go up in town, ring out every bell. happy birthday, beautiful, all the birds of this day sing a song, sing a song. dream of trains carrying you through the state parks with the cherry flowers. when you wake up it will be the beginning of the world. happy birthday, beautiful, in the fields of this day hear a song, hear a song. oh, undeserved sweetness and light, stay by my side. we will go out in the morning now, a crown of maple leaves, a crown of flowers circling your sweet head. happy birthday, beautiful, in the streets of this day play a song, play a song.
kyussun sons of kyuss albümünden oldukça gaz bir şarkı. adettendir sözleri; happy, happy birthday two years dead today you can't keep me from runnin' you can't keep me from hiding from you don't mess around with me i'm down to the wire and i am burnin' i'm burnin' higher & higher & higher happy, happy birthday two years dead today you can't keep me from runnin' you can't keep me from hiding from you don't mess around with me i'm down to the wire and i am burnin' i'm burnin' higher & higher & higher i keep on runnin' i never seem to get away from you i can't escape the memories that haunt me every night and day just you leave me alone i'm down to the wire and i am burnin' higher & higher & higher
(bkz: many happy returns)
2008 yilinda kendi evleri brattleboro/vermont'da bulunan music venuelerinden biri olan tinder box'ta calmak icin biraraya gelen kyle thomas (aka king tuff), chris weisman, ve ruth garbus isimlerinden olusan topluluk. toplulugun biraraya gelmesinde kyle'nin kendi sarkilarini tek basina calmaktan korkmasi yatiyormus aslinda, ve beraber caldiklarinda bu isten oldukca keyif alan uyeler bunu birlikte yapmaya karar vermisler. zaten sarkilarin cogunlugu kyle'e ait. subpop gercekten iyi isimlerle calisan bir plak sirketi ve s/t debutlari subpop'tan cikmis; ne kadar referans olur bilemem. birkac sarkisini dinledim pek sarmadi beni. http://www.myspace.com/brattleborohousecartoon tracklisting: 1. girls fm 2. 2 shy 3. cracked 4. perverted girl 5. subliminal message 6. eyes music 7. maxine the teenage eskimo 8. i want to stay (i run away) 9. pink strawberry shake 10. zit 11. fun
bir royksopp parçası. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun: happy birthday bu kadar.
hepi de börtdey tuu yuuu diye türkçe versiyonu da bulunmaktadır. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qz-bmijtong
1968 tarihli the beatles albümünden mükemmel bir the beatles şarkısıdır. . kanımca yapılmış en neşeli doğumgünü şarkısıdır. mesela ben dün çılgın attım dinlerken... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pov2sk_c3sy lirikler : you say it's your birthday it's my birthday too, yeah they say it's your birthday we're gonna have a good time i'm glad it's your birthday happy birthday to you. yes we're going to a party party yes we're going to a party party yes we're going to a party party i would like you to dance (birthday) take a cha-cha-cha-chance (birthday) i would like you to dance (birthday) dance i would like you to dance (birthday) take a cha-cha-cha-chance (birthday) i would like you to dance (birthday) dance you say it's your birthday well it's my birthday too, yeah you say it's your birthday we're gonna have a good time i'm glad it's your birthday happy birthday to you.
bir joe dassin şarkısı. önce hızlı, sonra yavaş şeklindedir. c'est pas parce qu'on est seul qu'on a pas le droit de danser de boire du champagne à sa propre santé de tout illuminer et de se répéter la vie, la vie est belle! happy birthday il est beau mon gâteau cette année un peu plus petit et y'a plus de bougies et je vais dîner aux chandelles en bonne compagnie la speakerine ce soir est belle l'an dernier nous étions toi et moi cette année tu manques à mon gala et je danse sans partenaire un ballet qui n'en finit pas happy birthday c'est pas parce qu'on est seul qu'on a pas le droit de parler du beau temps, de la neige et des anniversaires qui se sont éloignés des prochains dont tu n'auras rien, rien à faire happy birthday je me suis fait cadeau du blouson que tu n'aimais pas et d'un bel agenda pour tous mes rendez-vous d'amour avec toi, pourquoi pas? si tu reviens chez nous un jour l'an dernier nous étions toi et moi cette année tu manques à mon gala et je danse sans partenaire un ballet qui n'en finit pas
aynı zamanda csi miami dokuzuncu sezon sekizinci bölümünün adı.
gönül isterdi ki filanca şarkı diye gireyim fakat öyle değil. yabancı kelimeler dile girmesin, onların yerine oturmadığı durumlarda çok zorlama olan kelimeler koyalım demiyorum ama bu kalıbın özellikle kaymak altı orta direk civarı seyreden bir kesimde o kadar yaygın bir şekilde kullanıldığını görüyor ve işitiyorum ki rahatlamak için iki satır bir şeyler yazmayı uygun gördüm. evet bir anlamda bana ne ama yine de takıldı mı takılıyor kafama, bu kalıbın kullanılışına anlamlı bir gerekçe bulamıyorum. dil bildiğini göstermek desem değil ingilizce bilmeyenin adamdan sayılmadığı günlerdeyiz, şarkısı eskiden beri aklında öyle yer etmiş desem o da değil yazılı halini her doğum günü gelende tekrar tekrar görmekteyim, avam türkçe kullanmıyorum hissi mi yaratası var diyorum o da değil ama bir şekilde dillere ve ellere pelesenk olmuş işte. ingilizceki yazılışıyla yazılsa yine bir şey diyesim yok beynelminel* bir çevresi olabilir, herkes anlasın ister şu bu, tamam. fakat o hepi börtdey, hepi börtdeyler olsunu görünce ufak çapta hareketlenen nöronlarım, epi börtlenk'i görünce hepten kısa devre yapıyor. bunu yazanı ve söyleyeni eni konu silkeleyip arkadaş ama niye? diye sorasım geliyor. kamusal alanda da sorulması yakışıksız kaçtığından soramıyorum sonra bir de bakmışım bir sonraki doğum günü kutlamalarına kadar unutmuşum. konuyu özetleyen tanıma gelirsek "facebook yapay hayatlar dünyasında en sevilen doğum günü kutlama kalıbı".
aynı zamanda roseanne ikinci sezon yirmi dördüncü bölümünün adı.
stevie wonder'in çok sevdiğim doğum günlerde çalmasını istediğim şarkısı. http://fizy.org/#q/stevie+wonder you know it doesn't make much sense there ought to be a law against anyone who takes offense at a day in your celebration 'cause we all know in our minds that there ought to be a time that we can set aside to show just how much we love you and i'm sure you will agree it couldn't fit more perfectly than to have a world party on the day you came to be chorus happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday (repeat) i just never understood how a man who died for good could not have a day that would be set aside for his recognition because it should never be just because some cannot see the dream as clear as he that they should make it become an illusion and we all know everything that he stood for time will bring for in peace our hearts will sing thanks to martin luther king chorus happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday (repeat) bridge why has there never been a holiday where peace is celebrated all throughout the world the time is overdue for people like me and you you know the way to truth is love and unity to all god's children it should be a great event and the whole day should be spent in full remembrance of those who lived and died for the oneness of all people so let us all begin we know that love can win let it out don't hold it in sing it loud as you can chorus happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday (4x) (background stevie) happy birthday ooh yeah happy birthday, to you we know the key to unity of all people is in the dream that you had so long ago that lives in all of the hearts of people that believe in unity we'll make the dream become a reality i know we will because our hearts tell us so
ermenice karşılığı şu şekilde olan cümledir. not: cümleyi ermeni alfabesinde yazınca ????????? ??????? ???????? çıktığı için link olarak ekledim. malum karakter sorunu.
en çok pastaneciler kutlar.
erasmus programına bir şekilde dahil olanların doğum günlerinde facebook duvarlarında çokça yer alır...
armenchik'in eğlenceli hareketli bir şarkısıdır. klibi için: http://www.youtube.com/…=tzmi02g41ju&feature=relmfu
okuduğum bir müzik dergisi makalesinde * * dünyada en çok çalınan jingle - müzik olduğu her ne kadar good morning to you şarkısından arak olsada bunu kimsenin bilmediği falan yazıyordu. ayrıca şarkıyı besteleyen'in ailesi torunları mahkemeye başvurmuş şarkının patentini falan almak için fakat juri ve yargıçlar şarkının artık halk'a mal olduğunu halkla bütünleştiğini kültürlerinin bir parçası olduğunu söyleyerek şarkıya patent vermemişler.
bir modeselektor albümü. ama orijinalinin sonunda bir ünlem var. şöyle, happy birthday!
