(bkz: break stuff)
ilkokuldayken edward said'in başına bela olmuş tekerleme. ekseriya böyle buhranlardan gelenler yazıyor-çiziyor zaten.
kevin bacon ve elizabeth perkins'in oynadigi sabun kopugu ask filmi, kahve kupasini firlattiklari sahne zevklidir...
he said kisminin bir erkek yonetmen* , she said kisminin bir kadin yonetmen* tarafindan cekildigi film. sharon stoneda rol almistir.
(bkz: she said)
(bkz: may i feel said he)
bell x1'ın flock albümünden bir şarkı. "yes i covet my neighbour's wife" ve devamındaki vokal vurucudur. sözleri şöyle: on the telephone on the message board on the toilet wall telemarket poll by sign language by a pigeon carriage by pressing red fastest thumbs in the west we're waiting for fun, friendship and maybe more fun, friendship and maybe more i am the man down i'm gonna lose my leg so just gimme the whiskey and let's go yes i covet my neighbour's wife and yes i covet my neighbour's goods don't get too close i might take a swipe and friendly fire still burns he said she said (x2) this is not a good time how about the new world wine or a set of shiny steak knives $ 29.95 i went for a video i came back with a tan i came back with a tan still they gazed and their wonder grew in this world of it might just be you watch them slip on the hamster wheel tears give good tv he said she said (x4) (bkz: bell x1)
(bkz: dedim dedi)
http://www.youtube.com/…und&v=fhgvh3i35uk&goto=1817 (bkz: youtube underground)**
ashley tisdale şarkısı
bora uzer'in b1 albümünden bir şarkı. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun: i don't wanna make u cry (no) you're my only queen 4 life i can't stand the pain u hide please just let me in so i can try i'll find a way to satisfy all ur needs and all desires all we have is virgin time so let's not waste it over he said she said never understood the point he said she said so let's not waste it on he said she said why not just get to the point he said she said crack the whip n tame the lion one step forward then rewind while we hesitate and try time is slowly passin' by by by there's no time to waste at all gotta have a little faith inside to get what u want gotta believe in the force and time to do what u want gotta believe that life u live to feed ur soul gotta keep ur head up high i will never let u fall gotta believe ur family they'll always b gotta trust in u and me we r family just a little bit of time n trust girl let it have one chance to bloom up high never make it a fuss 2 think about he said, she said never understood the point he said, she said so let's not waste it on he said, she said there's no time to waste at all yeah yeah yeah there's no time at all
bora uzer' in (kanımca) b1 albümündeki en güzel şarkısı. vokal de müzikler de harika olmuş.
şu linkten veya şu linkten dinlenebilecek ashley tisdale şarkısı.
aynı zamanda my wife and kids birinci sezon sekizinci bölümünün adı.
