cok pis a$ik olma durumunda,aklin ucup gitmesi, head over heels of love seklinde alphaville in sounds like a melodysinde gecer ayrica freddy prince jr in basrolunde oldugu bir romantik komedi filmin adi
aynı zamanda bi cocteau twins albümü içinde sugar hiccup ı da barındıran.
bir 'songs from the big chair' harikasi.. tears for fears'dan tüm tepetaklak gidenlere..
(bkz: tepetaklak) (bkz: parande)
(bkz: head over feet)
accept'in "balls to the wall" albümünde yer alan güzel parça. head over heels late at night in the park i saw them slipping in the dark for heaven's sake what's going on it's like someone is here gotta follow now like being in a trance for me there's silence here more than all the noise spurting in the dark head over heels overheated heart head over heels treating it so hard the spurting feels everyday, everynight spurting in the dark head over heels overheated heart head over heels treating it so hard the spurting feels oh yeah down on my knees, god help me please gotta know who's out in the dark i've stopped my breath, can feel the hands could hear the sound of people making love i surrender right now i've to be touched, i feel so much spurting in the dark head over heels overheated heart head over heels treating it so hard the spurting feels everyday, everynight spurting in the dark head over heels overheated heart head over heels treating it so hard the spurting feels everyday, everynight spurting in the dark head over heels overheated heart head over heels treating it so hard the spurting feels everyday, everynight spurting in the dark head over heels
tapılası cocteau twinsin tapılası bir albümü. (bkz: five ten fiftyfold)
doonie darkoda duyduk hatirladik, yeniden onbes yasinda olduk, sevindik. amerikaya satilan new wavein parlak yuzu.
tears for fearsın head over heels'ının sözleri... i wanted to be with you alone and talk about the weather but traditions i can trace against the child in your face won't escape my attention you keep your distance with a system of touch and gentle persuasion i'm lost in admiration could i need you this much oh, you're wasting my time you're just wasting time something happens and i'm head over heels i never find out till i'm head over heels something happens and i'm head over heels ah don't take my heart don't break my heart don't throw it away i made a fire and watching burn thought of your future with one foot in the past now just how long will it last no no no have you no ambition my mother and my brothers used to breathe in clean in air and dreaming i'm a doctor it's hard to be a man when there's a gun in your hand oh i feel so... something happens and i'm head over heels and this my four leaf clover i'm on the line, one open mind this is my four leaf clover
abba'nin the visitors albumunun 2. $arkisi. i have a very good friend the kind of girl who likes to follow a trend she has a personal style some people like it, others tend to go wild you hear her voice everywhere taking the chair she's a leading lady and with no trace of hesitation she keeps going head over heels breaking her way pushing through unknown jungles every day she's a girl with a taste for the world (the world is like a playing-ground where she goes rushing) head over heels setting the pace running the gauntlet in a whirl of lace she's extreme, if you know what i mean her man is one i admire he's so courageous but he's constantly tired each time when he speaks his mind she pats his head and says, "that's all very fine" exert that will of your own when you're alone now we'd better hurry and with no trace of hesitation she keeps going head over heels breaking her way pushing through unknown jungles every day she's a girl with a taste for the world (the world is like a playing-ground where she goes rushing) head over heels setting the pace running the gauntlet in a whirl of lace she's extreme, if you know what i mean you hear her voice everywhere taking the chair she's a leading lady and with no trace of hesitation she keeps going head over heels breaking her way pushing through unknown jungles every day she's a girl with a taste for the world (the world is like a playing-ground where she goes rushing) head over heels setting the pace running the gauntlet in a whirl of lace she's extreme, if you know what i mean (she's just one of those who always has to do whatever she please) and she goes head over heels
(bkz: sirilsiklam asik olmak)
garlandsin hemen arkasında gelen bu cocteau twins plağı, garlandse göre daha az karanlıktır, o kadar depresif de değildir. garlandsi pornographynin yanına yerleştiriyorsak, head over heelsi de the topın yanına koymamız kabildir (bkz: cocteau twins ve the cure ilişkisi). 1 - when mama was moth 2 - five ten fiftyfold 3 - sugar hiccup 4 - in our angelhood 5 - glass candie grenades 6 - in the gold dust rush 7 - the tinderbox 8 - multifoiled 9 - my love paramour 10- musette and drums
eski bir izometrik platform oyunu.
(bkz: alanis morisette)
trt 1'de 25 haziran cuma akşamı saat 20:00'da yayınlanacak romantik komedi tarzındaki film. kısaca konusu: üç mankenin yanına ev arkadaşı olarak giren bir genç kız apartmandaki komşusuna aşık olur... tüm hayatı değişir ve rüyalarının erkeğinin bir katil olduğunu düşünmeye başlar. baş rollerde freddy prinze jr ve monica potter oynuyor.
joan micklin silver'ın yönetip başrolünde john heard'ın oynadığı 1979 yapımı şahane bir film. acı çektiren bayan rolünde, güzeller güzeli mary beth hurt.
rock station dergisi’nin son sayısıyla okuyuculara armağan edilen cd, "comp station 3"te yer alan grup... bu geceki maximum rock programında da kısaca türün meraklılarına tanıtılacak. program saat 23.00 – 02.00 arası 104.0 fm radyo d’de
arkadasım ersin'in insanüstü sololarını dinleyebileceğiniz gruptur.trash severler bi göz atsın derim.
"head over heels" adamların kafasına, ayakkabılarını çıkarıp sivri topukla vurur mesela mahalleden hale, jale ve leyla... işte, o "kafam gidecek ama olsun" psikolojdirisi bu. daha hard core olanı için; (bkz: hard on heels)
tears for fears'dan donnie darko'ya soundtrack olmuş harika parça. dinlemek yetmez, bir de üst üste milyon defa donnie darko ile izlenmesi gereken, tadına doyulmayan.
introsunu duyar duymaz donnie darko'yu akillara getiren tears for fears sarkisi.
(bkz: ayakları yerden kesilmek)
trt'nin iki yıl sonra hemen hemen aynı tarihte -bir gün rötarlı- yeniden yayınladığı film, monica potter + 4 top model baş rolde. olmamış filmler ekolünden, eski çevrime göz atmakta fayda var.
kökenini bir aşk hikayesinden değil de suçlulara uygulanan bir ceza yönteminden alan terim. âşık olan insanlar kimi zaman derler ki, "tepe taklak oldum," ama bu tabirin gerçek anlamını bilselerdi yine de kullanırlar mıydı bilmiyorum. eski kötü günlerde, suçlulara bir ikaz için yargıcın emriyle bileklerinden asılır ve tepetaklak edilirlermiş. bu terim acizlikten gelmektedir, şaşkınlıktan. aslında düşünürseniz, âşık olmak da böyledir. * kaynak : oz dizisi sezon 4 bölüm 6
dün akşam itibariyle goldmax'te izlediğim amerikan romantik komedi saçması. gülmekten yerlere yatmama rağmen ancak boş vakti çok olanlara tavsiye edeceğim film.
2001 yapımı, bilmiyorum neden çok hoşuma giden bi film. iki kez izledim(ki hiç yapmam), ikisinde de aşk işte diye bayılıyodum.belki de benim romantik, psikolojik hassaslığımdandır.kim bilir.
james yuill- head over heels don’t show them off don’t give them heroes welcome they’ll disappoint they don’t know what they’re missing i can see you’re head over heels for me i need your love i need you in the morning to make me tea to kiss me when i’m yawning i can see you’re head over heels for me i can see you’re head over heels for me i can see you’re head over heels for me i can see you’re head over heels for me
bir switchfoot sarkisi, askin en dinamik halinin melodilere donusmus hali. head over here and take me head over heels and aching when i told you i was yours, i was yours in this life you're the one place i call home in this life you're the feeling i belong in this life you're the flower and the thorn you're everything that's fair in love and war i'm coming down like a gun shot in all these battles that i've fought you're the mark i'm aiming for i was yours in this life you're the one place i call home in this life you're the feeling i belong in this life you're the flower and the thorn you're everything that's fair in love and war in love and war head over heels head over heels in this life i'm stubborn to the core in this life i've been burning after more we both know what these open arms are for you're everything that's fair in this life you're my only one in this life you're my only one in this life you're my only one in this life you're my only one in this life you're the one place i call home in this life you're the feeling i belong in this life you're the flower and the thorn you're everything that's fair in love and war
hammerfall'un renegade albümünün son parçası. sözleri: late at night in the park i saw her slipping in the dark for heavens sake, whats going on? it`s like someone is here got to follow now like beeing in trance for me the silence here more than all the noise whispering in the dark head over heels overheated heart head over heels treating it so hard the spurting feels every day, every night down on my knees, god help me please gotta know who`s out in the dark i`ve stopped my breath, can feel the hands could hear the sound of people making love i surrender right now! i`ve to be touched i feel so much... whispering in the dark head over heels overheated heart head over heels treating it so hard the spurting feels every day, every night head over heels, head over heels head over heels every day, every night
digital daggers'in myspace sayfasında mevcut olan aynı zamanda vampire diaries'in soundtrackinda bulunan güzel parça.. sözleri; i wanted to be with you alone and talk about the weather but traditions i can trace against the child in your face won't escape my attention you keep your distance with a system of touch and gentle persuasion i'm lost in admiration, could i need you this much oh, you're wasting my time, you're just, just, just wasting time something happens and i'm head over heels i never find out till i'm head over heels something happens and i'm head over heels ah, don't take my heart, don't break my heart don't, don't, don't throw it away (throw it away...throw it away...) i made a fire and watching it burn (yeah) i thought of your future with one foot in the past now just how long can it last oh no, no, have you no ambitions, my mother and my brothers used to breathing clean air and dreaming i'm a doctor it's hard to be man when there's a gun in your hand. oh, i feel sooooo… something happens and i'm head over heels i never find out till i'm head over heels something happens and i'm head over heels ah, don't take my heart, don't break my heart don't, don't, don't throw it away and this is my four leaf clover i'm on the line, one open mind, this is my four leaf clover (la la la la la, la la la la la, la la la la la la) (la la la la la, la la la la la, la la la la la la) (la la la la la, la la la la la, la la la la la la) (la la la la la, la la la la la, la la la la la la) (la la la la la, la la la la la) in my mind's eye (la la la la la la) one little boy, one little man (la la la la la, la la la la la) funny how... time flies
kanımca abba'nın en müthiş şarkısıdır. özellikle giriş melodisi insanı alıp götürür. bir dinleyince 50 kere dinleyesim gelen, tadına doyulmaz şarkı. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mznmzgm-a5e
aynı zamanda bir ghost whisperer bölümü.
tears for fears'in güzel parçası... donnie darko soundtrack'leri arasındadır... donnie darko
evde kendi başıma kaydettiğim bir adet vokal cover'ı* şarkıyı sevenler tarafından şu adresten dinlenebilir: http://soundcloud.com/…-1/caner-nal-head-over-heels http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1f7qmqz98k
