ne linda ronstadt'a, ne the who'ya, ne the jam'e ait olan, hepsinin birinden coverladığı bir şarkı. orjinali kimin bilmiyorum. whenever i'm with you something inside starts burning and my hearts filled with fire stop this, it's got a hold on me i said this ain't the way it's supposed to be it's like a heatwave burning in my heart i can't keep from crying tearing me apart whenever she calls my name sounds so soft sweet and plain right there, right then i feel this burning pain this high blood pressure's got a hold on me i said this ain't the way love's supposed to be it's like a heatwave burning in my heart i can't keep from crying tearing me apart this high blood pressure's got a hold on me i said this ain't the way love's supposed to be it's like a heatwave burning in my heart i can't keep from crying tearing me apart whenever i'm with you something inside starts burning and my hearts filled with fire something's got me amazed don't know what to do my head's in a haze it's like a heatwave burning in my heart i can't keep from crying tearing me apart this high blood pressure's got a hold on me i said this ain't the way love's supposed to be it's got a heatwave
boogie nights'ın sahipleri, 70'lerin ohio/londra'lı disco/funk grubu.. kurucusu ise sonradan tüm michael jackson albümlerinde imzası olan rod temperton.. diğer üyelerden ikisi ispanya ve çek cumhuriyetinden diye hatırlıyorum. maalesef grubun vokalisti kadife sesli johnnie wilder jr 13 mayıs 2006'da vefat etti*. bir döneme damgasını fazlasıyla vurmuş bir gruptu heatwave, always and forever diye bir toplamaları vardır çok sağlamdır. diğer hitler the groove line, eyeballin, posin til closin, always and forever, current, too hot to stop, gangsters of groove..
orijinal yorumu martha & the vandellas* tarafından yapılmış olan 1963 tarihli muhteşem motown şarkısı. dinlerken insanın yerinde durması imkansız... bir dozier/holland/dozier bestesi. tam adı "(love is like a) heat wave". (bkz: martha and the vandellas)
iamx şarkısı. she moves the street way a hitched up skirt, a symptom of the heatwave. she lets go lowgrade we can stay closed 'til 4am the next day if it's for 5 years i get a fantasy breeding babies in my nightmares - my nightmares if she goes the street way i get a peepshow free and a pressure drop to get laid if you're asking, well i've just started on my breakdown if you need to know i've just started on my breakdown she moves the street way, a pretty sweet blonde, an illusion of the heatwave i see her legs and shoulders and picture myself as a missionary soldier she kicks my mouth shut, make me go down, take a pleasure pill, just throw up - goin' down, down, down he moves the street way, anything goes to release me from the heatwave - release me from the heatwave if you're asking, well i've just started on my breakdown if you need to know i've just started on my breakdown - release me from the heatwave - from the heatwave - a pretty sweet blonde, an illusion of the heatwave
(bkz: martha reeves)
(bkz: heat wave prophet)
phil collins son albümü going back te bu parçayı yorumlamıştır. çekim esnasındaki görütülerin de kullanıldığı klibiyle, hareketli müziği, enfes üflemelileri ile belki de going back albümündeki en keyifli parçalardan biri olmuş diyebilirim. kadroda collins'in eski tayfasından herkes duruyor. sadece sakalları boyu kadar olan psikopat görünümlü dede basçıyı göremedim, öldüyse toprağı bol olsun. ve o leziz klip http://www.youtube.com/…r3i&feature=player_embedded
orijinali icin bir zamanlarin efsaneleri martha & vandellas tarafindan dinlenmesi gereken enfes performans. http://www.youtube.com/…ayer_embedded&v=xe2fnypwrng
mukemmel saheser. chiddy bang tarafindan mixlenmis versiyonu da orjinali kadar guzel: http://www.indieshuffle.com/…-wave-feat-mac-miller/
özellikle nakaratını pek bir başarılı bulduğum wiley şarkısı. sözleri: if i draw 5 for the day then we ain't got to worry, we're nice for the day inspired by the sun, take flight for the day sippin' a cold beer, sunshine in your face long nights are crazy we are on them my name's wiley yeah play my song then when i arrive i'm causing a heatwave i got vibes to sell, people want them i'ma party, i'm gon' dance, put your hands up on my body on my body, on my body, put your hands up on my body (x4) when the sun's out see the gyaldem too i wake up do another gyaldem tune i ride out on my yamaha r6 when i reach in the dance, bring the gyaldem through gyaldem know so they wanna wind up i get behind her and she get wile up she back it up good but i try my luck wining up gyal is the vibe i love when i arrive i'm causing a heatwave i've got vibes to sell people want them my name's wiley yeah play my song then when i arrive i'm causing a heatwave causing a heatwave, causing a heatwave, causing a heatwave when i arrive i'm causing a heatwave i'ma party, i'm gon' dance, put your hands up on my body on my body, on my body, put your hands up on my body(x4) when the sun's out we just wanna impress i stand in the clear i don't bother with mess if it ain't gonna sell i don't wanna invest if it ain't got a vibe i ain't got a interest i wanna see a ice-cream van on the road i wanna see a light skin gyal on the road i wanna get a slush puppy with both flavours drink that now i'm right back in my zone when i arrive i'm causing a heatwave i got vibes to sell people want them my name's wiley yeah play my song then when i arrive i'm causing a heatwave causing a heatwave, causing a heatwave, causing a heatwave when i arrive i'm causing a heatwave i'ma party, i'm gon' dance, put your hands up on my body on my body, on my body, put your hands up on my body (x4) when the sun's out see the gyaldem too i wake up do another gyaldem tune i ride out on my yamaha r6 when i reach in the dance, bring the gyaldem through gyaldem know so they wanna wind up i get behind her and she get wile up she back it up good but i try my luck wining up gyal is the vibe i love when the sun's out we just wanna impress i stand in the clear i don't bother with mess if it ain't gonna sell i don't wanna invest if it ain't got a vibe i ain't got a interest i wanna see a ice-cream van on the road i wanna see a light skin gyal on the road i wanna get a slush puppy with both flavours drink that now i'm right back in my zone ve klibi: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qimiwfzatxw
wiley'ninki kesinlikle andırreytıd.
