craig david'in slicker than your average albümünden bir parça. eski the artful dodger üyesi mark hill de parçanın yapımına katkıda bulunmuştur: c'mon baby de do de de do ooh yeah c'mon now baby he keeps on saying maybe tells you you're the only one but everybody knows he's out there having fun behind your back and that's a fact and it ain't right cos he's a fly guy acting like a gentleman but back in the day i could still remember when he just turned around wouldn't look twice at you and i'm just being straight with you cos he takes you for a fool so you should be on your guard when he thinks you don't have a clue and i could give the truth be known that you end up all alone when he gets everything he wants so girl open up your eyes and see with me [chorus] what you see is what you get ain't no hidden agenda so girlfriend when he's playing around you'll do well to remember that what you see is what you get ain't no hidden agenda so girlfriend when he's playing around you'll do well to remember now lady when he tells you that he loves you and won't give you up takes your car and it's your money that be fillin' it up look at what he's got thinks he's hit the jackpot and it ain't right cos your connections keep him sweet and that's so typical he's only in it for himself and that's so cynical he'd be out of sight girl if you lost it all so i feel so bad inside when he's cruisin' in your ride cos i know baby late at night there's some other girl by his side and i wanna let you know that he really ought to go and you should believe in me cos i care baby can't you see with me what you see is what you get (girl i know it) ain't no hidden agenda (and i'm on it) so girlfriend when he's playing around (yes i know that he's playin' around) you'll do well to remember that what you see is what you get (and i'll show it) ain't no hidden agenda (there ain't no hidden agenda girlfriend) so girlfriend when he's playing around you'll do well to remember now baby girl when he does you wrong i'll make sure you're alright yeah i just wanna be your friend cos there's no reason to pretend and that's the difference with me what you see is what you get (girl i know it) ain't no hidden agenda (and i'm on it) so girlfriend when he's playing around (yes i know that he's playin' around) you'll do well to remember that what you see is what you get (and i'll show it) ain't no hidden agenda (there ain't no hidden agenda girlfriend) so girlfriend when he's playing around you'll do well to remember think i'll sing it again what you see is what you get (girl i know it) ain't no hidden agenda (and i'm on it) so girlfriend when he's playing around (yes i know that he's playin' around) you'll do well to remember that what you see is what you get (and i'll show it) ain't no hidden agenda (there ain't no hidden agenda girlfriend) so girlfriend when he's playing around you'll do well to remember baby
1990 yapımı ken loach filmi. mevzu ıra... filmin ba$rollerinde frances mcdormand, brad dourif* ve brian cox vardır.
turkce'de gizli gundem dense olur buna.
dolph lundgren' in eski bir fbi ajanini canlandir(ama)digi 2001 yapimi aksiyon filmi
ken loach abimizin kuzey irlandadaki insan haklarini hice sayan ozel birliklerin ulkenin geleceginde nasil soz sahibi oldugunu gosteren filmi.tarafsiz ve idealist bir polis mufettisinin nasil kolayca etkisiz hale getirilip ustlerinin istedigi turden raporlar hazirlar hale getirildigini de gayet guzel anlatmaktadir.
yapılmış en manidar afişlerden birine sahip: http://www.impawards.com/…0/hidden_agenda_ver1.html
margaret thatcher* dönemi ingilteresinde yaşanan bir derin devlet vukuatını, gayet çarpıcı ve tempolu bir biçimde önümüze seren ken loach filmidir. devlet içinde dönen dalavereleri gözler önüne serer üstad; fakat bunu yaparken, anlatılan her şey aslında bir komplonun parçası olsa da, komplo teorisi batağına saplanmaz, olayın özüne odaklanır. bu yönüyle,ülkemizde maalesef sıkça karşılaştığımız ve bu tip komplo teorileri üzerine kurulu film ve dizilerin yönetmenlerine de hem oldukça iyi bir ayardır, hem de güzel bir derstir.
chimerica adlı bir guney amerika ulkesinde ordu,amerika,toprak sahipleri,marxist gerillalar,imf gibi unsurlara karsın ulkenizin refahını arttırmaya calıstıgınız bir oyun.hastasıyız... http://www.abandonia.com/…download/hiddenagenda.htm
biçare yazar. hoşgelmiş.
ing. gizli ajanda (gündem) politikada bir siyasetçinin söyleminin dışında amaçları varsa "has a hidden agenda" lafı kullanılır. takıyye yapıyor olması gibi.
--- spoiler --- bu filmin bir yerinde ingiliz bakan "eğer irlandalılar olmasaydı irlanda çok güzel bir yer olurdu" der. --- spoiler ---
(bkz: secret agenda)
