alicia silverstone temelli bir film markasi..
sonuna kadar süper ilerleyen, sonu klasik iyi (mavi) ve kötü (kırmızı) çarpışması yaşandığı için biraz bayat olan ama yine de izlenilesi film.
cok ince yerlerde mantik hatalari bulunsa da, sonuna kadar iyi ilerleyen alicia silverstone'un yuzunun henuz traktor tekerleri degmemi$ arazi gibi engebeli hale gelmedigi donemlerden iyi bir gerilim. konu orgusu son donem hollywood filmlerinden beklenmeyecek derecede guzel. sonu sicmasa daha iyi olurmu$. (bkz: iyi devam edip sonu boktan olan filmler)
regan adlı sakat bir kızı evlat edinen aileyi,ışık ile pek arası olmayan telekinetik güçlere sahip,oldukça gizemli bir katil ve regan ile olan telekinetik bağları ile aile ve katilin arasıda geçen olayların anlatıldığı gerilim dozu oldukça yüksek bir dean r koontz romanı. katilin işediği cinayetleri birebir yaşayan regan'ın tecrübelerinin aktarıldığı sekanslar özellikle gerilim yüklüdür. vasatı geçemeyen bir film uyarlaması da mevcuttur.
kasta cumhuriyet meydaninda bir zamanlar turk filmlerinin gosterildigi alanda*acilmis olan caz-cafe.
(bkz: vassago)
the corrs - borrowed heaven albümünün genel havasına uyan parçalardan, biraz pop, biraz soft-rock, birazcık da elektronik, keyifle dinleniyor. sözleri; it's time to change, throw out the books and start again break all the rules, fall on your face don't be ashamed you can't waste more time 'cause you've been gone for far too long trapped in his arms, safe without harm follow your heart don't be afraid you think that you're ok but i don't believe in what you say you think that it's too late but it's not good, good enough for you don't hideaway 'cause i know that you've got what it takes i believe you can be what you wanna be. let yourself go, don't worry about a thing breaking the chains, so hard to begin follow your heart don't be afraid you think that you're ok but it's not good, good enough for you don't hideaway 'cause i know that you've got what it takes i believe you can be what you wanna be. don't hideaway 'cause i know that you've got, got what it takes and i believe you can be what you wanna be don't hideaway 'cause i know that you've got what it takes i believe you can be what you wanna be you can be what you wanna be.
erasure 'ın come out kavramı üzerine yaptığı, otobiyografik öğeler içeren şarkısı. one day the boy decided to let them know the way he felt inside he could not stand to hide it his mother she broke down and cried oh my father why don't you talk to me now oh my mother do you still cry yourself to sleep are you still proud of your little boy don't be afraid you don't have to hide away the boy he was rejected by the people that he cared for it's not what they expected but he could not keep it secret anymore far from home now waiting by the telephone there's a new world you can make it on your own are you still proud of your little boy don't be afraid you don't have to hide away don't be afraid love will mend your broken wing time will slip away learn to be brave
kaş'ın güzide mekanı. genelde akşamüstleri 5'den sonra açılıyor. sadece pazar günü gündüzleri açık. pazar kahvaltısı şiddetle tavsiye edilir.
son derece guzel blues dinlenebilecek, bahceli bir mekanmi$ burasi ka$ta. en guzel tarafiysa gizlibahce konmami$ mekanin adi. gina gelmi$ti, heryerde bi gizlibahce..
cockney rebel'in the human menagerie albümünün açılış parçasıdır. yılların etkisine direnen müthiş bir parçadır. (bkz: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svp34tk33vy) sözleriyle tamamlayalım. let them come a running, take all your money and hideaway let them come a running, take all your money and flee let them come a running, take all your money and hideaway it was summer or maybe spring, i can't remember it was summer or maybe spring, i can't recall we found our hearts and stole them from our bodies (we couldn't understand the villain's call) we'd often recall the beginnings we'd often try in vain to change it all we couldn't help but keep ourselves from sinning in summer, in summer, or maybe spring, or maybe spring, or maybe spring let them come a running, take all your money and hideaway let them come a running, take all your money and flee let them come a running, take all your money and hideaway it was summer or maybe spring, i can't remember it was summer or maybe spring, i can't recall we'd try to always calm our elders (but always we did seem to fall) we'd never try to tame the burning embers (it didn't seem to matter how we'd fare) it seemed we couldn't ever escape december but it was summer, summer, or maybe spring, or maybe spring, or maybe spring
(bkz: haydi eve)
2008 yılında çıkmış the weepies albümü aynı isimli şarkısının sözleri şöyledir; take the sky for example a canvas of a billion suns but our local hero shines them out by day save for the winking of a venus or mars even the stars sometimes fade to gray even the stars hideaway i see the bare moon raise his big bald head i see my friends play the fool i'll make my own way in the wide world just know i don't want to wander too far even the stars sometimes fade to gray even the stars hideaway even the stars sometimes fade to gray even the stars hideaway some call me all kinds of names some say i don't play the right kind of game i try to be honest i try to be kind and honestly leave when i know that it's time i know that it's time hear a phoebe sing his only song the summer's day is hovering i'll write my full heart troubles fly like embers out the windows of our traveling car even the stars sometimes fade to gray even the stars hideaway
bir rock kills kid sarkisi. because you say, don't mean you mean it run away to find a home happy now, but you don't see it run away because you're all alone and you'll never know, what could have been and you'll never see, where i've been and you'll never know, what could have been and you'll never see, where i've been dead in side, you wait for soemthing in a sense, lost so long ago no one cares, so why should you run away cause you're all alone because you say, don't mean you mean it run away to find a home now i'll let you in, yeah, i'll let you in and you'll never know
where the wild things are filminden karen o imzası taşıyan şarkı. hideaway well they'll seat us in the sun by the way know you've always been the one you'll ask your reasons why what once was yours is mine my baby's gone ride away gonna take me from my man by the way no they'll never understand we'll have a bit of fun watching everyone pass us by you'll ask your reason why what once was yours is mine my baby's gone hideaway well they'll seat us in the sun by the way know you've always been the one you'll ask your reasons why what once was yours is mine my baby's gone ride away gonna take me from my man by the way no they'll never understand we'll have a bit of fun watching everyone pass us by you'll ask your reason why what once was yours is mine my baby's gone (bkz: karen o and the kids)
white darkness albümünden bir nightingale şarkısı. there's a place that no one knows of a safe haven filled with bliss it's far away i'd like to stay there and make my clouded sky clear up no tears no sorrow in my hideaway of dreams suddenly my pain has turned into laughter no restrains are keeping me locked inside this shell i'm in and soon reality comes crawling again disabled as i lie, you enjoy life (you enjoy life) there's no light, where i'm abandoned i've lost all track of time and space no friendly face, is recognized here behind my eyes i'm still awake suddenly my pain has turned into laughter no restrains are keeping me locked inside this shell i'm in and soon reality comes crawling again disabled as i lie, you enjoy life (you enjoy life) i'm stashed away, to waste away i won't be preying on your mind anymore i will forgive, you will forget what goes around will come around at the end suddenly my pain has turned into laughter no restrains are keeping me locked inside this hell i'm in and soon reality comes crawling again
güzel kaş mekanı.ortam pek leziz..pazar kahvaltısı da.
(bkz: wish i could hideaway)
en güzel creedence clearwater revival parçası. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7r_nptwxlqg
kaş'taki en iyi pazar kahvaltısı yaptığım yer. ayrıca kafasının tek tarafı kazılı, vücudu dövmeli bi bağyan çalışanı vardı. pek bi etkilenmiştim kendisinden. buralardan görürse, kendisine selam olsun.
