jerry lee lewis'in 1958 tarihli, aynı adlı jack arnold filmi için kaydettiği ve yine aynı adlı albümünde yer alan hiti. you better open up honey its your lover boy me that's a knockin' you better listen to me sugar all the cats are at the high school rockin' honey get your boppin' shoes before the juke box blows a fuse got everbody hoppin' everybody boppin' boppin' at the high school hop boppin' at the high school hop shakin' at the high school hop i've rollin' at the high school hop i've been movin' at the high school hop everybodys hoppin' everybody's boppin' boppin' at the high school hop come on little baby gonna rock a little bit tonight woooh i got get with you sugar gonna shake things up tonight check out the heart beatin' rhythm cause my feet are moving smooth and light boppin' at the high school hop shakin' at the high school hop rollin' at the high school hop movin' at the high school hop everybodys hoppin' just a boppin' just a boppin' come on little baby let me give a piece good news good news good news jerry lee is going to rock away all his blues my hearts beatin' rhythm and my soul is singin' the blues oooooh boppin' at the high school hop shakin' at the high school hop rollin' at the high school hop gettin' it at the high school hop everybodys hoppin' everybody's boppin' boppin' at the high school hop
kanadali rock grubu rough trade'in de ayni isimde bir sarkisi mevcuttur. she's a cool blonde scheming bitch, she make my body twitch, walking down the corridor. you can hear her stilettos click, i want her so much i feel sick. the girl can't help it, she really can't help it now. it's like a high school, a high school confidential. a high school, a high school confidential. teenage brando's stop her in the halls, they tease her with cat calls. she's a combination anita ekbert, mamie van jorne. dagmar high school confidential. a high school, a high school confidential. what's the principal doing with her? who's the guy? is he screwing with her? what's her perfume? tigress by faberge. it make me cream my jeans when she come my way. a high school, a high school confidential. a high school, a high school confidential. she drive a candy pink cadillac, if i don't get her soon i'll have a heart attack. when she passes me a look i wanna burn my books, give up high school. oh well, oh well, oh well, oh well a high school, a high school confidential. a high school, a high school confidential. a high school, high school confidential. a high school, high school confidential.
aynı zamanda home improvement beşinci sezon on dördüncü bölümünün adı.
