rhcpnin out in l a albumunde yeralmıştır.
(bkz: innervisions)
amorphis'in far from the sun'ında yer alan 9. şarkı. i climb to the higher ground to see what's behind the sun step on the hands made out of clay the hands of stained mortals all there is and all you'll have bless the one who cannot cry there is no night there is no sunlight until you refuse to die i'd let you sleep now but i don't know how i'd let you grieve now but i don't know how i chant the songs of madness to be the chosen one still all these bleeding wounds cannot be cured by sadness all there is and all you'll have bless the one who cannot cry there is no night there is no sunlight until you refuse to die i'd let you sleep now but i don't know how i'd let you grieve now but i don't know how
steven halpern'in en beğendiğim albümü. http://shopping.yahoo.com/music adresinden kısa parçalar halinde dinlenebilir.
steven halpern'in internet sitesindeki açıklama metni: the first song grounds you to the earth with a shamanic drumbeat. when the rhythm ends, the sustained electronic music takes you on an introspective journey. using leading-edge sound techology, higher ground creates a powerful alpha and theta induction effect for a guaranteed deeply meditative experience. \ http://www.stevenhalpern.com/music_peace.html
(bkz: higher ground part 1)
the feelies'in 1986 yilinda cikan only life albümündeki leziz sarki. weezer'a öncü sarki tadinda. sözleri ise: on my way heading down time to find higher ground in your arms in my dreams with you there with you there be my light by my side if you dare be my guide on your way try to find higher ground for all time on your way find your way in the light hey hey hey be my life by my side if you dare be my guide
2000 yapımı, sorunlu gençlerin rehabilitasyon için gönderildiği bir dağ kampında geçenlerin anlatıldığı kanada/amerika yapımı dizi.. hayden christensen 'in de rol aldığı bu dizi bir sene yayında kalmıştır sadece..
stevie wonder ın nefis bir şarkısı. background yapısı superstition a benzer. eric clapton cover ı da gayet başarılıdır. sözleri yokmuş bari yazayım.. people keep on learnin’ soldiers keep on warrin’ world keep on turnin’ cause it won’t be too long powers keep on lyin’ while your people keep on dyin’ world keep on turnin’ cause it won’t be too long i’m so darn glad he let me try it again cause my last time on earth i lived a whole world of sin i’m so glad that i know more than i knew then gonna keep on tryin’ till i reach the highest ground teachers keep on teachin’ preachers keep on preachin’ world keep on turnin’ cause it won’t be too long oh no lovers keep on lovin’ believers keep on believin’ sleepers just stop sleepin’ cause it won’t be too long oh no i’m so glad that he let me try it again cause my last time on earth i lived a whole world of sin i’m so glad that i know more than i knew then gonna keep on tryin’ till i reach my highest ground...whew! till i reach my highest ground no one’s gonna bring me down oh no till i reach my highest ground don’t you let nobody bring you down (they’ll sho ’nuff try) god is gonna show you higher ground he’s the only friend you have around
girişinde can vermeniz olası amorphis parçası, ellerinize sağlık.
marcus miller son albümünde yorumlamıştır bu şarkıyı.
özellikle sözlerini pek sevdiğimiz bir ub40 şarkısı. şöyle ki: and every hour of every day i'm learning more the more i learn, the less i know about before the less i know, the more i want to look around digging deep for clues on higher ground moon and stars sit way up high earth and trees beneath them lie the wind blows fragrant lullaby to cool the night for you and i on the wing the birds fly free leviathan tames angry sea the flower waits for honeybee the sunrise wakes new life in me. (chorus) and every hour of every day i'm learning more the more i learn, the less i know about before the less i know, the more i want to look around digging deep for clues on higher ground... the fishes swim while rivers run thru fields to feast my eyes upon intoxicated drinking from the loving cup of burning sun in dreams i'll crave familiar taste of whispered rain on weary face of kisses sweet and warm embrace another time another place (chorus) and every hour of everyday i'm learning more the more i learn, the less i know about before the less i know, the more i want to look around digging deep for clues on higher ground...
red hot chili peppers coverının inanılmaz ötesi güzel bassları vardır. bunları çalmak öyle her baba yiğidin harcı değildir.
bir de omni trio'nun bu isimde bir şarkısı var ki nasıl yazılmamış anlamadım. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pg9mix-bva
hall of fame'de sting'in de eşlik ettiği versiyonu pek acayip güzel. sonra roxanne'e geçip, tekrar higher ground'a dönüyorlar. ben merak ettim ama gidip youtube'den de şimdi arayamam, arasam bile ya bulama.. neyse; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggourjprqua
güzeller güzeli vera farmiga ablamız tarafından hem oynanmış, hem yönetilmiş olan 2011 yapımı film. izlenesi bir dram. imdb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1562568/ trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irpfkwjhq7g afiş: http://www.movieposterdb.com/poster/66c45eb7
basarili bir heather nova sarkisi http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijetuludonc why do i follow this heart of mine risk my life follow it every time? ride the waves into the wild beyond to bring you hope that’s what im riding on it’s what i see inside, i see in your eyes i can pull you from the wreckage i can save your life i can bring you what you need, i can make it alright, but it’s you who lifts me to higher ground yeah it’s you who lifts me to higher ground why do i follow the call again no one hears but i can feel your pain worlds away, everyone’s looking through glory fades, but it’s what i am to you it’s what i see inside, i see in your eyes i can save your life i can pull you from the wreckage i can bring you what you need, i can make it alright, but it’s you who lifts me to higher ground yeah it’s you who lifts me to higher ground
