bir sinead o'connor parçası. sözleri: i want to walk into the light day has turned cold hold back the night what will become of you and i we had a dream don't let it die just hold back the night do you wanna be, wanna be my dying day my darkest hour my overdose cuz that's what you'll be just hold back the night there was a time i know you'll agree we saw it all a glorious sight everyone's burned everything's gone what we were then now we are not so hold back the night do you wanna be, wanna be my dying day my darkest hour my overdose cuz that's what you'll be just hold back the night cuz that's what you'll be just hold back the night
76 senesinde new york diskolarını fena inletmiş bir the trammps şarkısı. yaylı geçişleri pek gazdır. jimmy ellis abinizin buğul sesiyle pek güzel gitmiştir, tehlikeli derecede damar olmuştur. nakaratında şöyle der; "geride tut geceyi, yak ışıkları, rüyalarıma gir istemiyorum, istemiyorum bebeğim" *damardan veririz groove'u diyor abiler* hold back the night, turn on the lights don't wanna dream about you, baby (dream about you, baby) hold back the night, turn on the lights don't wanna dream about you baby when you left, you took the sun right out of the sky (oh, yes you did) wondered why you went away, never told me why when the sun goes down and the moon is nlear i'm scared to death 'cause your face appears hold back the night, turn on the lights don't wanna dream about you baby (dream about you baby) hold back the night, turn on the lights loneliness is haunting me when i go to bed honey like a character in a book, in a book that i read when the sun goes down the moon is near scared to death 'cause your face appears hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it hold back the night, turn on the lights don't want to dream about you baby hold back the night, turn on the lights don't want to dream about you baby hold back the night, turn on the lights don't want to dream about you baby
rykarda parasol'un for blood and wine albümünde yer alan bir şarkı aynı zamanda. the story never checked out i heard too many versions what truly happened that night? there's no way of learning your friend said abe was there too and you had to cover his tracks that was the time i realized they'd gone and can't come back the family dropped the charges they simply buried their son they recognized, as we all did 'twas mostly a case of terrible luck two boys laid side beside one now dead and the other half alive you can try to back the night and though i no longer loved him i knew him as my brother he seemed a goblin to me now so i went and grabbed my lantern i said keep him busy i'll be there less in than a day we'll find him safety - maybe sanity there really has to be a way i plundered through every drawer of yours to see if i could find my match there she was - dark and mysterious wrapped in tin, she was quite a catch i hated her for loving you for soothing all your pain for telling you i was the evil one only interested in my own gain i knew you stood alone nothing i could do to fix doctor said expectations were too high the boy needed me gone and quick two boys laid side beside one dead and the other half alive you can try to hold the night back do you remember when i told you i found mrs. zaracota dead? she was sitting upright a friday morning reading a book in bed the night before she told me she had still so many plans then i felt the soldier's shadow at my side drain all the blood from my hand the blood was gone and my hand blue the night i knew to make the call the voice on the end of the phone told me bloody scene i soon saw two boys laid side beside one now dead and the other half alive you can try to back the night
i am kloot'un yeni albümü let it all in'den ilk single. sarki, sozleri, klibi herseyi harika. yani muzik dunyasinin i am kloot yakasinda degisen birsey yok. http://vimeo.com/50545866
i am kloot'un pek güzel klipli, yaylı maylı, yollarda gezinirken 1.50'de yavaştan hızlandıran, 2.50den sonra koşma isteğini tetikleyen şarkısı. hold back the night the streets are filled with laughter soon i'll be after you once again come to my house and say we're friends i can't help but see gone are the days we tripped the light fantastic solutions more drastic running wild where did you go to? my little child i cannot help but see fill up your days and your pockets with plenty soon they'll be empty once again someone has sent me to you, my friend we just can't keep on running hold back the tide and the waves of reason guilty of treason once again stop all the seasons the sun and the rain until you stop believin' turn on the lights i cannot see where i'm running future keeps coming
günde ne kadar dinlerseniz dinleyin bıktırmayan, çok sesli müziğin güzel ritimle müthiş uyumu. hepsi bu şarkı işte, son zamanlarda dinlediğim en iyi şarkıdır. i am kloot yapmış, şahane olmuş!
karanlık yollarda arabalı çekilen güzel kliplere bir örnek daha.şarkıysa zaten fazla güzel. bir diğer kara araba için (bkz: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jn_w8cbds8o)
