jamie waltersın bilinen belki de tek şarkısı. sözleri inanılmaz güzel olan bu şarkıyı jamie abimiz çatallı sesiyle mırıldanırken içinizi titretir adeta. sevdiğiniz insanların morali bozuk olduğunda kucağınıza yatırıp saçlarını okşarken bu şarkıyı söyleyesiniz gelir*... i don't wanna see you ever sad and everything that i've got you can have when it's all too much you need some human touch to see that it's really not so bad did you call on every saint you know but still you feel like you're on your own can you see through your tears i will always be here and you're not out there all alone hold on,'till you feel a little stronger hold on to me hold on,everything's gonna be alright just hold on to me tonight anything that hurts you,hurts me too i´m not gonna let your world turn blue will you take my hand and feel how close i am there ain't nothin'i won't do for you chorus i know the world can drive you to your knees but when you need to cry,baby cry to me
aynı zamanda deep purpleın stormbringer albumunun 4. şarkısı
biri bize bunu söylüyorsa ilelebet, belki de ömrümüzün sonuna dek beklememiz gerektiğini gösteren ingilizce fiil.
tom waits'in 1999 çıkışlı mule variations adlı albümünden hoş bir parça
bi(r) du(r) bekle demektir turkce.
tom waits'in olani anlatilamaz bir guzellige sahip olan parca. sozleri soyledir: they hung a sign up in out town "if you live it up, you won't live it down" so, she left monte rio, son just like a bullet leaves a gun with charcoal eyes and monroe hips she went and took that california trip well, the moon was gold, her hair like wind she said don't look back just come on jim oh you got to hold on, hold on you got to hold on take my hand, i'm standing right here you gotta hold on well, he gave her a dimestore watch and a ring made from a spoon everyone is looking for someone to blame but you share my bed, you share my name well, go ahead and call the cops you don't meet nice girls in coffee shops she said baby, i still love you sometimes there's nothin left to do oh you got to hold on, hold on you got to hold on take my hand, i'm standing right here, you got to just hold on. well, god bless your crooked little heart st. louis got the best of me i miss your broken-china voice how i wish you were still here with me well, you build it up, you wreck it down you burn your mansion to the ground when there's nothing left to keep you here, when you're falling behind in this big blue world oh you go to hold on, hold on you got to hold on take my hand, i'm standing right here you got to hold on down by the riverside motel, it's 10 below and falling by a 99 cent store she closed her eyes and started swaying but it's so hard to dance that way when it's cold and there's no music well your old hometown is so far away but, inside your head there's a record that's playing, a song called hold on, hold on you really got to hold on take my hand, i'm standing right here and just hold on. (bkz: bir of ceksem karsiki daglar yikilir)
green day'in warning albumunden bi parca. sozleri boyle: as i stepped to the edge beyond the shadow of a doubt withe my conscienece beating like the puls of a drum that hammers on and on until i reach the break of the day as the sun beats down the halfway house has my conscience beating the sound in my ear the will tomperserve as i reach the break of the day when you lost all hope and excuses and the cheapstakes & losers nothing¹s left to cling onto you got to hold on yourself a cry of hope a plea for peace and my conscience beating it¹s not what i want for it¹s all that i need to reach the break of the day so i run to the edge beyond the shadowas of a doubt with my conscience bleeding here lies the truth the lost treasures of my youth as i hold on to the break of the day when you lost all hope and excuses and the cheapstakes & losers nothing¹s left to cling onto you got to hold on yourself when you lost all hope and excuses and the cheapstakes & losers nothing¹s left to cling onto you got to hold on yourself
david gray'in david gray lost songs adli albumunden bir $arki. sozleri: hold on hold on to me hold on hold on to me sometimes there's no easy way got to cause somebody pain watching you you hit so hard on yourself cos you need someone to blame oh now what will you do oh now what will you do can't help the way you're feeling don't want to leave him so alone lisa cries her red hair streaming down feels like her heart is made of stone
john lennonın plastic ono band albümünden 1 şarkı. hold on john, john hold on it's gonna be alright you gonna win the fight hold on yoko, yoko hold on it's gonna be alright you gonna make the flight when you're by yourself and there's no-one else you just have yourself and you tell yourself just to hold on cookie! hold on world, world hold on it's gonna be alright you gonna see the light when you're one really one well, you get things done like they've never been done so hold on
(bkz: hold on im coming)
paper monsters'dan dirty sticky floorstan sonraki single olarak cikmasini bekledigimiz dave gahan* sarkisi. hanimis sozleri : you keep sending me all these things i'm learning how to smile you keep sending me all these things i think i'll stay a while tried to talk to you in my dream you looked at me and smiled your smile said to me i'll have to wait a while i have to wait a while hold on you opened my eyes today hold on another surprise you keep giving me all these things i see them in your smile you keep giving me all these things i think i'll stay a while i guess i'll stay a while
yes'in 90125 albumunun 2. $arkisi. justice to the left of you justice to the right speak when you are spoken to don't pretend you're right this life's not for living it's for fighting and for war no matter what the truth is hold on to what is yours jigsaw puzzle traitors set to spill the beans constitution screw up shattering the dreams blood flows in the desert dark citadels burning too watch! look over your shoulder this one is strictly for you hold on - hold on wait maybe the answer's looking for you hold on - hold on wait! take your time think it through yes! i can make it through hold on - hold on sunshine shine on through hold on - hold on sunshine shine on you see it through talk the simple smile such platonic eye how they drown in incomplete capacity strangest of them all when the feeling calls how we drown in stylistic audacity charge the common ground round and round and round we living in gravity shake - we shake so hard how we laugh so loud when we reach we believe in eternity i believe in eternity hold on - hold on wait - take your time see it through hold on - hold on wait - maybe a chance is looking for you sunshine shine on through sunshine shine on through sunshine shine on you hold on - hold on hold on - hold on sunshine - shine on - shine on you sunshine - shine on through sunshine - shine on - shine on through sunshine - shine on you sunshine - shine on - shine on you sunshine - shine on through sunshine - shine on - shine on through sunshine - shine on you hold on - hold on wait - take your time see it through hold on - hold on wait - maybe the answer's looking for you
bir good charlotte şarkısı. ayrıca bu şarkı benji'nin en sevdiği şarkıymış albümde.
(bkz: hatta kalin)
pearl jam'in lost dogs albumunun en guzel calismasi ilan ettim su dakika itibariyle,tipki merkin ball zamani gibi.40 saattir uyumamis bir adama oturttu sarki sozu cikarttirdi,o yuzden hatalar olabilir,idare edin,hadi optum: i was down(?) riding on top a black horse whatever prize there was i could only observe where the trouble starts where does it end? i cannot be cured before it ends i know life would be different if i held on (held on) i know i could be something if i held on gave her life away put it in my pocket when it should've been framed oh, it lost its shine gotta get this out of my head my friend how could it end? and like this how could it end? i know life would be different had i held on (held on) i know i could be something had i held on (held on) i know i could be something if i held on (held on) i know life would be different if i held on (held on) held on held on, if i held on held on, if i held on held on, if i held on held on
good charlotte versiyonu gözyaşlarına boğulmaya neden olabilir...
timbaland'ın mükemmel şarkısı. aaliyah'tan girmiş hayatın kaypaklığına vurmuş. başarılı bir adam bu timbaland. [intro - timbaland - talking] oh! you know what? ([wyclef:] good good good) i go through a lot, since my baby girl's not here life ain't been the same for me lately i miss you very much i want you to hear my pain that i go through (go through ...) [verse 1 - timbaland + (wyclef jean)] it's been three years (ah!), livin this fast life i think on it, i know one day i won't have life people don't know me over the time b they don't wanna know me, they wanna know my g's le i quit, things ain't the same no more but i'ma do my thing 'til there ain't no more (yeah) i got a plan, i wonder how far i can go i demand the best for myself, that's all i know i, done seen the world become products of a revolution that we begun (yeah) make me wanna split a swisher, i need me one they keep on copying what we done done that's why i say .. [break - timbaland] i know you like my shoes, cause you walk in my shoes and would you be prepared to see (would ya?) a life full of money and a life full of girls but a heart that's really in deep (feel my pain) a lot of people yellin ("we love ya timbaland") but i know y'all really in need (ooo) i don't know who's in my corner, don't know where is my corner but i gotta grab all these leaves so i must .. [chorus - wyclef jean] hey, timbaland you gotta hold on (hold on) but you got to be strong though the pain almost over ([timbaland:] my pain almost over) look towards the sky, there's only one jehovah ([timbaland:] i can't quit yet), you can't quit you gotta hold on, you got to be strong ([timbaland:] uh, my pain almost over) look towards the sky, there's only one jehovah [verse 2 - magoo + (wyclef jean)] pain, can't you see the pain in my eyes? the lie behind my cries, don't you sympathize with me you don't have to wonder when i come you label me a bum, you fake it ain't suprisin me (yeah) funny how oo got money, people come around soon as oo fail, kick 'em to the ground (yeah) not just neighbors, the whole damn town own flesh and blood, said i was a clown but as the world turns, my life can too and like a gun kills, a knife can too (yeah) i was stabbed thrice, how 'bout you? once by my mom, pops the other two child abuse kid, ward of the state i know it was the past, but i just can't shake how you had a kid, beat me like a slave i was only three, how could i misbehave? i didn't know better, you could teach me first you said fuck that, then you beat me worse it's pain in this verse, hard to go on (yeah) oo is a man, so i must hold on [break - timbaland] i know you like my shoes, cause you walk in my shoes and would you be prepared to see (would ya?) ([wyclef:] yeah) a life full of money and a life full of girls but a heart that's really in deep (feel my pain) a lot of people yellin ("we love ya maganoo") but i know y'all really in need (ooo) i don't know who's in my corner, don't know where is my corner ([wyclef:] yeah) but i gotta grab all these leaves, uh huh so i must .. [chorus - wyclef jean] you gotta hold on (hold on) but you got to be strong though the pain almost over ([timbaland:] my pain almost over) look towards the sky, there's only one jehovah ([timbaland:] i can't quit yet), can't quit you gotta hold on (yeah) you got to be strong (yeah) ([timbaland:] my pain almost over) yeah, look towards the sky, there's only one jehovah (yeah) [verse 3 - wyclef jean] yeah, yo, i seen brooklyn turn into crook-lyn the youngn's they spend their life in central crook-lyn (yeah) i've seen prom queens, turn into prom fiends sometime i ask myself what happen to dr. king's "dream" (yeah) i've seen best friends, turn to enemies what made it sad, i had to sing at the eulogy so hard for us to say goodbye so i puff the lye and stay high (yeah) the man you said was your fam in the park (yeah) saw your face spark when you found out he was a narc (yeah) cause everybody wanna be nino brown they wanna be nino brown, they wanna be nino brown (yeah) and the girls they love the nino brown they hug they nino brown, they lust for nino brown (yeah) and the fiends they want the nino brown the way he hold you down, when he comes around (yeah) [echo] [outro - timbland - talking] the pain never stops baby lele, i hope ya hear us cause life will never be the same without you girl ([wyclef:] yeah) timbaland talkin to you ([wyclef:] yeah, yo, yo) we ain't used to nothin this music industry, will never be the same without you nothin but pain, hard struggle but me and jimmy d, we're gonna keep ridin for ya cause life must go on you must live on so we gotta hold on, c'mon (hold on) uh, (hold on) my pain almost over (hold on, hold on) i can't quit yet (hold on, hold on) my pain almost over (hold on, hold on) nah lele, me and 'goo we can't quit, oh!
david coverdale ve glenn hughes'un en güzel düetlerinden biri..
bir limp bizkit şarkısıdır aynı zamanda. gri havalarda saat 5.5-6 gibi iyi gider: "hold on" (chocolate starfish and the hot) you keep your distance i can't deny you i've got the feeling can't satisfy you i've got your picture on the wall i got the picture, long gone you keep your wishes i'll keep my feelings there goes another one that kept me breathing i'm waiting for you i know your leaving i still adore you you never leave me hold on, i found another way to let you go away hold on, you found another way to bleed my soul away the things you told me to hear you speak i'm burning slowly i'm growing weak you bring me closer to yesterday yesterday's a million miles away why can't you hear me? why can't i sleep and i don't understand what keeps me breathing i'm waiting for you i know your leaving i'll still adore you you'll never need me hold on, i found another way to let you go away? hold on, you found another way to bleed my soul? away [4 kez tekrarlar]
good charlotte bu şarkıyı hayranlarından aldıkları binlerce mail sonucu yazmıştır. hepsi de hayatlarında yaşadıkları sorunları ve intihar etmeyle ilgili düşüncelerini anlatmıştır. hepsine cevap veremeyecekleri için de şarkı yazmayı uygun görmüşlerdir. gerçekten de good charlotte ın bu şarkısını dinledikten sonra bir çok insan intihardan vazgeçmiştir. grup da bundan çok memnun haliyle.
"bekle!" di$inda "gayret et, dayan, sabret!" anlamina da gelebilen ingilizce emir/dilek.
odyssey albümünde yer alan, kanımca joe lynn turner'ın sesini coşturduğu, başındaki melodisiyle de tüyleri diken diken eden malmsteen şarkısı. look at me, see the love that you're missing can't you see that i'll always be there you can't run you can't hide from the feeling tonight damage done. i guess love isn't fair. sometimes i wonder who you are so close, but we've gone too far. how long can i hold on till you say good-bye baby you're gone and it's so wrong and now my heart cries for you girl. lonely days, fill my nights with such sorrow shades of grey, turn into blue tomorrows. sometimes i wonder where you are so close, but your eyes are so far. how long can i hold on till you say good-bye baby you're gone and i can't go on and now my heart cries for you girl.
freddie mercury'nin pek bilinmeyen, hiç bir albümde bulunmayan jo dare adli bir kadınla düet yaptığı şarkı. saçma sapan sözleri vardır, tamamını yazmaya değmez. ana fikri: baby hold on; you're really something to me yo got a flame in my heart we ain't never gonna part...
malmsteen'in olan şarkıda; ............... ............... sometimes i wonder who you are so close, but we've gone too far. ............... ............... sometimes i wonder where you are so close, but your eyes are so far bölümlerin, hemen tüm dinleyicilere aşina gelen hisleri ifade etmesi; "sometimes i wonder who / where you are" söyleyişindeki içtenliğin, notalardaki hissin, vokal ve gerideki melodinin yanında cıvanın yanındaki pambuk gibi kalır...
limp bizkit in chocolate starfish and the hot dog flavored water albumundeki guzel parcalardan biri.sarkida fred durst suankivelvet revolver (ex- stone temple pilots) solisti scott weiland la duet yapmistir.
santana'nın da bir şarkısı don't push me just this once i want to make this moment last slow down the pace, there's no hurry i can't let another pass me by again let me be the one to say when i've had enough just let me close my eyes, memorize the way things are this minute so when you're gone i can go on if memory can hold within it what i'm feeling should time try fading or stealing something away hold on, nothing's the same tell me why i feel this way life wouldn't be worth living without you all along i've been the pretender but now that's gone forever nobody's ever loved me like you do nobody's broken through got to concentrate, file away every last detail don't want to lose what's going down i want to remember everything i'm feeling should time try fading or stealing something away
matlabda bi veriyi o esnada aktif olan figur'e plot ettirmek icin kullanilan komut.
ilk başta "lam bu i am mine'ın yandan yemişi" dedirtse de kendini sonradan belli eden pearl jam şarkısı. bir kaç defa dinlenirse bi süre sonra gözler kapanır, adamı nakaratta gay bir eda ile "heeiyld onn" diyip back vokale eşlik ettirir.
bir jet şarkısıdır. are you gonna be my girl'i bilenler bu şarkıyı dinlerse ters köşeye yatabilir. zira çok farklı bir şarkıdır, bambaşkadır. öğüt verme amacı güden, yarı hareketli bi çalışmadır. (bkz: kral tv vjleri gibi program sunma rehberi) you tried so hard to be someone that you forgot who you are you tried to fill some emptiness ‘til all you had spilled over now everything’s so far away that you don’t know where you are, you are when all that you wanted and all that you had don’t seem so much for you to hold on to [2x] for you to belong to when it’s hard to be yourself it’s not to be someone else still everything’s so far away that you forget where you are, you are when all that you wanted and all that you had don’t seem so much for you to hold on to when all that you wanted and all that you had don’t seem so much for you to hold on to for you to belong to
malmsteen versiyonunun tam sözleri: look at me, see the love that you're missing can't you see that i'll always be there you can't run you can't hide from the feeling tonight damage done. i guess love isn't fair. sometimes i wonder who you are so close, but we've gone too far. [chorus:] how long can i hold on till you say good-bye baby you're gone and it's so wrong and now my heart cries for you girl. lonely days, fill my nights with such sorrow shades of grey, turn into blue tomorrows. sometimes i wonder where you are so close, but your eyes are so far. [repeat first chorus] how long can i hold on till you say good-bye baby you're gone and i can't go on and now my heart cries for you girl.
razorlight sarkisi, 2. albumden, gunun populer konusu bir yanda eglenilcek kizlar bir yanda evlenilcek kizlar, tranformasyon mumkun mu, guzel bir kiz bize gelip they told you all the romantic fools have died, i am here to tell you they all lied diyebilir mi, bir kizla babasinin oto galerisi ya da buyuk serveti var diye cikilir mi, yunan turk iliskilerini kisisellestirmek hos olur mu, hepsinin yaniti bu sarkida.... well now your here you are in your life and now your finding out why you have to learn how to fight before you learn how to fly so stick your fist up prove them wrong don't lose the words to the song coz its a long way down i guess you know that by now but if you hold on well i will hold on too and if you reach up yeah i will reach up too well now your here in your life its such a long way down somehow you figure it out so now you turn it around but i know but if you hold on well i will hold on too and if you reach up yeah i will reach up too too...too.. too. and one thing before you go just let everyone know you refuse to regret it just like everyone said you would just like everyone knew you would just say that you can sleep at night just say that you get nervous with the struggle you fight you cant believe what your told and you cant be alone and you cant let it go and you cant lose control and you know you are not just anyone no your not just anyone and if you hold on well i will hold on too and if you reach up.. then i will reach up too and if you hold on.. and i will hold on too and if you reach up..
just jacki farketmeme sebep olan bendeki cikis parcasi. hold on parcada biraz tutunmak, biraz minnet duymak anlaminda kullanilmis. sozleri ise: i'm not a young man anymore but i've got the face of a 19 year old probably be a dad soon sitting in my front room with my kids, playdoe mold but i just hold on to what ive got right now im not who i used to be trust me i've got plans everyday next week you know your getting older when the kids on the corner have you baffled everytime they speak so lets just hold on to what we've got right now looking round at my friends and i see that the end of an era has come to pass the fun and the games and the fluid in our brains have all been reduced by half so lets just hold on to what we're got right now im not a young man anymore but i've got the face of a 19 year old everythings changed but i can't complain cause i'm doing pretty well all talk
limp bizkit'e ait olanı, grubun diğer şarkılarının arasında biraz pas geçilmiş, biraz da ağır temposu yüzünden üvey evlat muamelesi görmüştür. halbuki delikanlılık çağıma bir süre derinlemesine nüfuz etmiş bu şarkı nefis sözleriyle bir zamanların uykusuzluk yoldaşı olup, limp bizkit'in farklı olarak neler yapabileceği açısından bir örnek teşkil eder.
kt tunstall ın suddenly i see tadında ama daha hareketli ve eğlenceli parçası. klibi de en az şarkı kadar güzeldir, sonundaki uykudan uyanma ve yüzündeki şaşkınlık ifadesi oldukça eğlencelidir ve yine sevimli bir dans figürüyle klip kapanır.
korn un untitled albümünden bir parça. evolution kadar olmasa da klip de şarkının kendi de güzel. with aversion, this insertion came so swiftly cut the cord, from this day forward we'll be drifting no direction, no affection watch the soul dive you're dissected, resurrected still don't know why this illness is like a monster that is eating us alive hold on, be strong so right, so wrong with all of our senses all of our defenses hold on, be strong new arrival, our survival still not certain what's a virtue, where do you go to when you're hurting? it's a weakness, it's a sickness in the gene pool show no mercy, people here say "kill the damned fool" this illness is like a monster that is eating us alive hold on, be strong so right, so wrong with all of our senses all of our defenses hold on, be strong my soul blood run don't ever let me go, no don't ever let me go, no never never let you go, no i'll never let you go, no hold on, be strong so right, so wrong with all of our senses all of our defenses hold on, be strong
bir çok grubun ve şarkıcının adına şarkı yaptığı ingilizce bir fiil.son olarak korn bu isimde bir şarkı yapmıştır.klibi de oldukça hoştur.ayrıca şarkının gaza getirici bir etkisi de vardır.bu da linki ; http://www.youtube.com/…u6ko2w-now8&feature=related
limp bizkitin chocolate starfish and the hot dog flavored water albümünden benim için hatırası çok derin olan bir şarkı. bugün duştayken birden dilime dolanmış ve çıkar çıkmaz limewiredan indirip an itibariyle dinleyip beni 7 sene öncesine götürmüştür. o zamanlar yeni çıkmış albümü deli gibi dinlerken bir gün albümün sonlarında pek dinlemediğimiz bu şarkıyı keşfetmiştim. bir yaz gecesi telefon kulübesi önünde oturmuş arkadaşlarımı beklerken şarkı çalmaya başladı ve o sıralar fena halde melankolik olan beni benden aldı, o anda uzaktan gelmekte olan arkadaşlar arasında 'o' göründü. ve o andan sonra bir yaz hold on dinlendi. emre*ye defalarca çaldırıldı. ilk aşkıma soundtrack oldu.
malmsteen'in orta tempoda, gitarla vokalin unisonlu bolumleri damakta acaip tadlar birakan, vokalin de gitarin da doruklara ciktigi enerjisi cok yuksek manyak bomba parcasi.
(bkz: holding on)
good charlotte un bir şarkısınıdr ve bazen insanı ağlatmakta ustadır sözleri şöyle: this world, this world is cold but you don't, you don't have to go you're feeling sad you're feeling lonely and no one seems to care you're mother's gone and your father hits you this pain you cannot bare but we all bleed the same way as you do we all have the same things to go through hold on... if you feel like letting go hold on... it gets better than you know your days you say they're way too long and your nights you can't sleep at all (hold on) and you're not sure what you're waiting for but you don't want to no more and you're not sure what you're looking for but you don't want to no more but we all bleed the same way as you do and we all have the same things to go through hold on... if you feel like letting go hold on... it gets better than you know don't stop looking you're one step closer don't stop searching it's not over... hold on what are you looking for? what are you waiting for? do you know what you're doing to me? go ahead... what are you waiting for? hold on... if you feel like letting go hold on... it gets better than you know don't stop looking you're one step closer don't stop searching it's not over... hold on... if you feel like letting go hold on... it gets better than you know... hold on
aynı zamanda jonas brothers ın bir şarkısıdır onunda sözleri şöyle: we don’t have time left to regret(hold on) it will take more than common sense(hold on) so stop your wondering take a stand(hold on) theres more to life than just to live(hold on) cause an empty room can be so loud its too many tears to drown them out so hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on one single smile a helping hand(hold on) its not that hard to be a friend(hold on) so don’t give up stand 'til the end(hold on) theres more to life than just to live(hold on) cause an empty room can be so loud its too many tears to drown them out so hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on when you love someone and they break your heart don’t give up on love have faith, restart just hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on when it falls apart and your feeling lost all your hope is gone don’t forget to hold on, hold on cause an empty room can be so loud its too many tears to drown them out so hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on when you love someone and they break your heart don’t give up on love have faith, restart just hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on cause an empty room can be so loud its too many tears to drown them out so hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on when you love someone and they break your heart don’t give up on love have faith, restart just hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on
pearl jam versiyonunun küçük bir kısmı uykusuzluğa kurban gitmeyen asıl sözleri şu şekildedir: i was drawn riding atop a black horse. whatever past there was i could only observe where the trouble starts. where does it end? how can i be cured how, before it ends? i know... life would be different if i... held on. held on. i know... i could be something if i... held on. gave her life away put it in my pocket when it shoulda been framed. oh, i lost its shine. gotta get this outta my head, out of my bed! how could it end, end like this? how could it end? i know... life would be different had i... held on. held on. i know... i could be something had i... held on. held on. i know... i could be something if i... held on! held on. i know... life would be different if i... held on! held on! held on. held on. if i... held on. held on. if i... held on. held on. if i... held on. held on.
drastic fantastic albümünden eğlenceli bir kt tunstall şarkısı: say you to me you're a bird with an eye for anything shiny searchin' the land for a hero of a man you say i need more than my fair share of attention but i think you know that just isn't so underneath, i felt the fire of a burning question tearin' me apart right from the very start and now i see that it don't take a trick of the light to excite me so strong so long you'll see hold on to what you been given lately hold on to what you know you got hold on to what you been given lately hold on cause the world will turn if you're ready or not simplicity a heart of gold, an old head, and young shoulders quiet and lovely becomin' part of me and now i see from a handful of names and a thousand faces one light, burnin', furiously i was tired of january i was tired of june i felt a change a-comin' oh, i was tired of january tired of june i felt a change a-comin' oh, i felt a change a-comin i felt a change a-comin felt a change a-comin, soon hold on to what you been given lately hold on to what you know you got hold on to what you been given lately hold on cause the world will turn if you're ready or not oh yeah, well the world will turn if you're ready or not oh, yes the world will turn if you're ready or not
aynı zamanda bir "wild cherry" şarkısı. "electrified funk" albümlerinde tam olarak "hold on with strings" olarak geçiyor.
dadafon'un lost love chords albümünde bulunan süper şarkı..
a tribute to oğuz atay demek isterdim pearl jam versiyonu için; ama çok basit düşünüyorum yer yer.
layne staley'nin sesi icin ideal parcadir. limp bizkit olani icin konu$uyorum. muhte$emdir. limp bizkit'in belli bir noktadan sonra baymasi kesin olan formüle edilmi$ $arkilarinin cok di$inda,ötesindedir. cok dinleyemez insan cünkü $u iki dize olayi bitirir; "hold on, i found another way to let you go away"
kt tunstall'ın ukala sevgiliye ufak at civcivler yesin ve sakın unutma anında sıkılırım diyen şarkısıdır. sözleri isterseniz buyurun aşağıda: say you to me you're a bird with an eye for anything shiny searchin' the land for a hero of a man you say i need more than my fair share of attention but i think you know that just isn't so underneath, i felt the fire of a burning question tearin' me apart right from the very start and now i see that it don't take a trick of the light to excite me so strong so long you'll see hold on to what you been given lately hold on to what you know you got hold on to what you been given lately hold on cause the world will turn if you're ready or not simplicity a heart of gold, an old head, and young shoulders quiet and lovely becomin' part of me and now i see from a handful of names and a thousand faces one light, burnin', furiously i was tired of january i was tired of june i felt a change a-comin' oh, i was tired of january tired of june i felt a change a-comin' oh, i felt a change a-comin i felt a change a-comin felt a change a-comin, soon hold on to what you been given lately hold on to what you know you got hold on to what you been given lately hold on cause the world will turn if you're ready or not hold on'un sözleri aşağıdaki gibidir. oh yeah, well the world will turn if you're ready or not oh, yes the world will turn if you're ready or not
kansas'ın da vardır bu isimde bir şarkısı. şahane de bir şarkıdır, işte sözleri: look in the mirror and tell me just what you see what have the years of your life taught you to be innocence dyin' in so many ways things that you dream of are lost lost in the haze (chorus) hold on, baby hold on 'cause it's closer than you think and you're standing on the brink hold on, baby hold on 'cause there's something on the way your tomorrow's not the same as today don't you recall what you felt when you weren't alone someone who stood by your side a face you have known where do you run when it's too much to bear who do you turn to in need when nobody's there (chorus) outside your door he is waiting waiting for you sooner or later you know he's got to get through no hesitation and no holding back let it all go and you'll know you're on the right track (chorus)
kt tunstall'ın kıpır kıpır, rock janrındaki şarkısı kendini beğenmiş sevgiliye adam ol yoksa aklını alırım demektedir. biraz samimi, biraz alçakgönüllü, biraz da kıymet bilir olmak lazım canım!
supernatural albümünden nefis bir mary beth maziarz şarkısı. içinde çalmamış teen drama pek azdır. time after time, feels like i'm fading away stopped on a dime, staring into space and clarity comes, and clarity goes but for all these epiphanies, i'm still lost holding the roses at the start of your life, are you given a golden key to personalize, so carefully and slowly you groove it, make it your own and when you find where it fits well, swing it wide and follow him home, examine his soul and if the moment hums with something deep and low hold on, hold on and if your timing comes like you're a single soul hold on, hold on, hold on... i know it's hard, yeah, you've got a complicated scene, they tell you listen to your heart, yeah, whatever the hell that means and whisper they may, but they will anyway, and it's you who'll be living each minute in between chorus.... bridge: confessions and awakenings streetcorner serenades, and midnight trains truthful fiction at the heart of things believing in the game time after time, feels like i'm fading away stopped on a dime, staring into space and clarity comes, and clarity goes but for all these epiphanies, i'm still lost holding the roses, holding the roses, holding the roses
bir dövme sayesinde keşfettiğim, klibiyle dinlendiğinde durduk yerde adamın amına koyan şarkılardan biri olması kaçınılmaz, intihar temalı good charlotte şarkısı. "it's not the right order of things. you're not supposed to bury your children, they're supposed to bury you."
michael mind şarkısı. when the rain comes crashing down the night sky, absence of all light, cries, lost wash me away, away, away, away, my life floats, through all space and time, i, try to find a life, sign, lost, is there a way ,a way, a way, a way tonight as the world keeps spinning round my voice, can't be found, drown out, why do i have to pay for the sins of the world in this symphony of light, i can't close my eyes, this time, i'm gonna face this perfect lie, yeah .... hold on children of the night hold on we can find a light hold on we're the future generation of the world
türkçesini bilmeden defalarca söylediğim şarkı. farkında değilmişim ama, tesadüf böyle bir şey. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ax0s_p0xycu
bir blink 182 şarkısı. çok fazla bilinmese klasik bir blink 182 şarkısı olarak dinlenilir.
malmsteen'in kendisine saniyede elli nota basıyor duygu yok diyenleri kırmayıp ingilizce sözlü anadolu rock yaptığı şarkı. genelde şarkılarındaki soloları 3-5dk'da yazan, hatta yazmayıp ekseriyetle doğaçlama yapan malmsteen'in uğraş verdiği* belli sayıdaki sololardandır bu şarkıdaki gitar solosu bence.
harikulade bir tom waits şarksı. hold on
rusko'nun hold on'unda şarkıyı amber coffman söylemeseydi de aynı muhteşemlikte bir şey çıkar mıydı ortaya bilmiyorum. çok güzel lan!
çok hoş bir jet şarkısıdır. dinlenir yani.
the secret garden muzikalinden, "ne olursa olsun ayakta kalman lazim" temali, guzel bir sarki.. sozleri gelsin: what you've got to do is finish what you have begun, i don't know just how, but it's not over 'til you've won! when you see the storm is coming, see the lightning part the skies, it's too late to run- there's terror in your eyes! what you do then is remember this old thing you heard me say: "it's the storm, not you, that's bound to blow away." hold on, hold on to someone standing by. hold on. don't even ask how long or why! child, hold on to what you know is true, hold on 'til you get through. child, oh child! hold on! when you feel your heart is poundin', fear a devil's at your door. there's no place to hide- you're frozen to the floor! what you do then is you force yourself to wake up, and you say: "it's this dream, not me, that's bound to go away." hold on, hold on, the night will soon be by. hold on, until there's nothing left to try. child, hold on, there's angels on their way! hold on and hear them say, "child, oh child!" and it doesn't even matter if the danger and the doom come from up above or down below, or just come flying at you from across the room! when you see a man who's raging, and he's jealous and he fears that you've walked through walls he's hid behind for years. what you do then is you tell yourself to wait it out and say it's this day, not me, that's bound to go away. child, oh hold on. it's this day, not you, that's bound to go away!
olly murs kendi ismini taşıdığı albümünün 8. parçası. middle of the night when it comes creeping i lay awake when i should be sleeping like an agatha christie mystery do an intermission i hold on i hold on-n-n working everyday living for the weekend i never learned to swim how did i end up in the deep end? like a champion high diver waiting for the olympics i hold on i hold on-n-n we wrestle with the devil in the flickering light no way to tell who's winning the fight hold on hold on hold on you're gonna get through it time and again it's the same old question where am i heading with this strange obsession like a gambler playing on when he keeps on losing i hold on i hold on-n-n we danced with the devil in the flickering light no way to tell when you're stepping it right hold on hold on hold on you're gonna get through it hold on hold on hold on you know you're gonna get through it yesterday is dead and gone so today, this life goes on got to keep on moving yesterday is dead and gone so today, this life goes on got to keep on moving to keep on moving we danced with the devil in the flickering light no way to tell when you're stepping it right hold on hold on hold on you're gonna get through it hold on hold on hold on you know you're gonna get through it
deep purple'ın stormbringer albümündeki şarkısının sözleri ise aşağıdaki gibi: you're sweeter than the morning when the sun is shining down on me there is nothing you can say that could make me go away you see but you keep saying to me baby hold on--i feel i'm getting ready hold on--i feel i'm rockin' steady hold on--i'm gonna make it with you woman hold on--you got to gimme some love, gimme some love i held back before but your love took me easily you got the power i knew was gonna creep up on me the more i give your love keeps comin' on strong although it's mine now i know it won't be for long there's something in the saying that a woman needs a little more time i'm getting tired of waiting for you giving me some kind of sign hold on--i've got to love you when i want to hold on--you've got to love me when i want you to hold on--i ain't gonna let you leave me baby hold on--no never no more i know the game you're playing and i guess you think i'm easily led you think the words you're saying are really going through my head i'm gonna take you home and give you all i can i'll prove to you, baby that really i'm a man hold on--i know i'm feeling ready hold on--i know i'm rockin' steady hold on--guess i've made it with you woman hold on--i've got you giving me love something that you give me keeps me hangin' on no use me stayin' there's nothing to be done i'm gonna take you home and give you all i can i'll prove to you woman that really i'm a man hold on--i only want to take you higher hold on--you are the root of my desire hold on--c'mon baby light my fire hold on
http://www.youtube.com/…0p5jv4lhhr0&feature=related
bu dileği bu adamın sesinden duymak çok ironik.
yngwie malmsteen's rising force'un odyssey albümünden bestesi malmsteen'e güftesi solist joe lynn turner'a ait bir balad. bu şarkıyı mükemmeliyetten alıkoyan tek etken "my heart cries for you girl" kısmıdır. koskoca joe lynn turner şarkıyı dinleyip içlenecek bir bacısının olabileceğini düşünememiş.
rusko'dan parti bombası.
sub focus remixi de akar.
sulu şakanın babalar gibi şarkıları barındıran 2. albümü
müziğin müzik olduğu zamanlardan bir malmsteen parçası. odyssey albümünün ikinci parçasıdır, candır.
(bkz: angus & julia stone)
bir adrian sina şarkısı. gayet hoş bence
son zamanlarda radyo eksende sıkça duyduğumuz güzel bir alabama shakes şarkısı. sözleri de: bless my heart. bless my soul. didn't think i'd make it to 22yrs old. there must be someone up above sayin' "come on brittany, you got to come on up." "you got to hold on..." so, bless my heart and bless yours too. i don;'t know where i'm gonna go don't what what i'm gonna do. must be somebody up above sayin' "come on brittany, you got to come on up!" "you got to hold on..." yeah! you got to wait! yeah! you got to wait! but, i don't wanna wait! i don't wanna wait... so, bless my heart. bless my mind. i got so much to do, i ain't got much time so, must be someone up above saying "come on girl! you got to get back up!!" "you got to hold on..." "yeah! you got to wait!" i don't wanna wait! well, i don't wanna wait! no, i don't wanna wait! "you got to hold on..." güzel bir canlı performans
tom waits versiyonu fazla etkileyici olan; bu yüzden piyasadan kaldırılması, yok edilmesi için elimde bir sihirli değnek olsa hiç çekinmeden uğruna kullanacağım parça. parçanın hüzünlü bir tonu vardır. bir yandan umut dolu, bir yandan da tamamiyle umutsuz.. parça, yaşadığı küçük şehri ve sevgilisini/eşini bir anda terk ederek kaliforniya'ya giden bir kadına yazılmıştır. yaşadığı küçük hayat "dime store watch", "ring made from a spoon" gibi sevgilisinin ona verdiği hediyelerle ya da "99 cent store", "riverside motel" gibi pek de zengin kesime hitap etmeyen ortamlarla tasvir edilir. paylaştıkları tek değerli şey sevgileridir; "everyone is looking for someone to blame, when you share my bed, you share my name". ve ayrılırken de bu sevgi bitmemiştir ama yapılacak başka bir şey yoktur gitmek dışında. kadın ilişkiyi kurup, parçalamıştır giderek çünkü onu orada tutacak bir şey kalmamıştır; büyük hüzünlü dünyada geride kalmaktadır. yine de ayrıldıktan sonra özlem ve sevgi devam eder, birbirlerinin sesini duyamasalar bile. ve görülen odur ki, kadın çok uzakta da olsa hala beyninde eskiden kalma o plak çalmaktadır ona "dayan" diyen...ve tek dayanağı odur belki de, beyninin içinde dönüp duran o eski plak...
hakkında bu kadar az şey yazılmış olmasına çok şaşırdığım muhteşem kansas şarkısıdır. kendimi her çıkmazda hissettiğimde aklımın ücra köşelerinden fırlayıp birden aklımda çaldığını duyarım. her bir notasında ve her bir sözünde kendimi tam hissetmemi sağlar hold on, her hold on dediğinde içimde sanki elle tutulabilir birşeymiş gibi büyük bir hızla artan umudumu, tazelenen kendime güvenimi ve bugünüme kadar başarabildiklerimi bana tekrar hatırlatır. aynı zamanda zor anlarımızda başkalarından duymayı beklediğimiz türde şarkılardan birisidir, 'hold up to me baby' diyen ya da 'your tomorrow is not the same' diye sizi destekleyen birisinin varlığı bazen aradığınız çıkış kapısı oluyor içinde bulunduğunuz ve sonunu göremediğimiz o karanlık tünellerde. dinleyin, dinletin, söyleyin derim; umutlanın ve umut verin. our tomorrows are not the same - hold on !
çok çok çok güzel bir sbtrkt şarkısı. sözleri: oh... how'd you mean what do'you mean you're not coming by i called you later and you were outside it always screams screams inside my head curtains closed you'd be beside my head you were always down for it get in this getaway and be running from it yeah, you were always down for it get in this getaway and be running from it you're giving me the coldest stare, like you don't even know i'm here, why don't we turn the leaf? why don't we turn the why don't we turn the leaf/why don't we turn the } x2 what you've done, what you've done you can't keep inside by the end of the night i'll help you confide cause i can see, see your sad self cause i can see you're not being yourself cause usually you're down for it can't hold back a smile when you try for it yeah, cause usually you're down for it can't hold back a smile when you try for it you're giving me the coldest stare, like you don't even know i'm here, why don't you let me sing? why don't you let me why don't you let me sing why don't you let me } x2 whatever you've done, however bad, hold on hold on hold on whatever you've done, however bad, hold on hold on hold on whatever it is, however bad, hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on why don't... x3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctvkfcla-ee
vs albumunun* 20. yil extended versiyonunda akustik bir versiyonu var bonus olarak, insanin icini eziyor da eziyor. hele son nakaratta eddie vedder kalin baslayip sonraki tekrarda inceltiyor sesini, aha iste o kisma ters anda yakalanmamak lazim yoksa fena can yakiyor.
