bomb the bass'ın beat dis'i, coldcut'ın doctorin the house'ı, the beatmasters'ın rok da house'ı ve jacknchill'in the house that jack built'i ile aynı anda ingiltere listelerinde top 10'a girip 3 numaraya kadar çıkan, ilk büyük uluslararası acid house parçası unvanına erişmiş, şahane krush parçası.
jamie lee curtis'in oynadığı komik bir 1996 yapımı harry winer filmi.
bryan adams'ın waking up the neighbours albümünde yer alan hareketli şarkılardan biri, albüm adını bu şarkıdan almıştır. bryan abi evde parti verir, kızlar gelir, artistik olsun diye volüm yapılır filan derken polisler evi basar ve olaylar gelişir. well there's gonna be a party gonna make some noise yeah we're invitin' all the girls - invitin' all the boys there'll be dancin' on the tables dancin' on the chairs ya there'll be dancin' in the parkin' lots and up and down the stairs - alright close the windows - lock the doors turn it up now - pack the floors cops are on the outside - landlord's on the phone quick turn out all the lights pretend there ain't nobody home! it's a house arrest - everybody run i gotta plead guilty havin' - too much fun this is a house arrest - up against the wall we can't stop rockin' justa havin' a ball - one and all won't you come around to my place don't cha know it's overdue you gotta bring your little lady wear your dancin' shoes get a yellow taxi - take a limousine you gotta get there - it's gonna be a scene it's too late can't wait - get out while you can it was fun while it lasted let's do it all again it's a house arrest - everybody run i gotta plead guilty havin' - too much fun this is a house arrest - up against the wall we can't stop rockin' justa havin' a ball one and all we bin waking up the neighbours bouncin' off the walls hangin' off the ceilings we'll be dancin' in and out of the halls! this is a house arrest everybody move gotta plead guilty gonna raise the roof this is a house arrest...!
ing. kişinin işlediği suç yüzünden kanuna göre kendi evinde hapise mahkum edilmesi, seyahat etmesinin yasaklanması.
aynı zamanda the sopranos ikinci sezon on birinci bölümünün adı.
