bir film. soundtrackinde beth ortonnun wild world coverı yer alıyor
mandy moore oynuyormuş filmde. bu kız da giderek güzelleşiyor ya
mandy'nin guzelligini sergiledigi bir film. gerisi bos. it's really no big deal.
bugün trt 1 de yayınlanan, tek kelime ile rezalet film, senaryonun tel tel döküldüğü, mandy moore un yine pek bir güzel olduğu ama habire aysun kayacı dudakları yaptığı, yakışıklı ama salak oğlanın habire salak salak baktığı, tek güzel yanının en son daki yazılar kısmında çalan beth orton cover ı wild world olan ama trt nin de şarkının ilk dizesinden sonra kestiği film.
(bkz: trent ford)
frankie j. tarafından seslendirilen 2005 yılında çıkan bir single olan şarkının yer aldığı albüm adı ise the one. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun. " sometimes a man has to choose and do something he doesn't wanna do do i live my life with you as my wife or do i go on and pursue my lifetime dream i gotta do this for me cause if i don't i'll probably regret it but if i do i'll probably regret it how do i cope how do you cope when the one you love is with somebody else and there's nothing you could do about it how do you deal with the fact that you had a chance but you chose to turn away for your career i gotta take it though it's heartbreakin' it's something that i had to do but nobody said that it would hurt so bad so how do i live...how do i deal without you it's killing me to know that your heart's with me but you're with him cause i chose to be in this industry money, shows, and hoes come along with luxury and pain is all you see when you think about it but this is the life that i was given so i have to live it to the fullest but how do i deal in the meantime without you how do you deal when you can't be with the one you love but the one you love is with somebody else what do you do when you know she don't love him but she love me but she cant stand lovin' you faraway you just deal with it,deal with it (i don't wanna have to live with it) you just deal with it,deal with it (no,no,no) you just deal with it,deal with it (i don't want nobody else lovin' you) you just deal with it,deal with it (i don't nobody else lovin' me) how do you cope when the one you love is with somebody else and there's nothing you could do about it....... "
