yes'in talk albumunun 2. $arkisi. am i waking to this magic am i seeing, all is human, human after all... i wanna be inside your heart are you ready i wanna love forever are you thinking i wanna be inside your heart what i'm thinking i wanna know you're with me. highways, starways, many ways to be open tonight. high time, look inside your life. i am waiting. i am waiting; are you ready? i am waiting; can you hear me? can you hear me? i happened in the water. the heaven will fall. the break in the water. the secret birth. said she loves me; i believe her. waited lifetimes, say this to you. i wanna be inside your heart are you ready i wanna love forever are you thinking i wanna be inside your heart what i'm thinking i wanna know you're with me. highways, starways, many ways to be open tonight. high time, look inside your life. i am waiting. say you need me, i'm yours. say you need me, just because. (it's our freedom...) it's our freedom, hear me now. we are made to be here now. we'll be waiting for the word as the healing of the world. make me promises, to be true, all my life my world is you. i am waiting; are you ready? are you ready? i am waiting; can you hear me? can you hear me?
ayrıca 1966 tarihli aftermath albümünden nefis bir rolling stones şarkısı. grubun şarkılarının naif cenahına ait bir çalışma. açıkçası rolling stones'u rolling stones yapan şarkılar bunlar değil elbette, fakat bilakis ben bu şarkıdaki rolling stones'un hastasıyımdır. diğerini de severiz ama öyle yani, denizsiz yerde yaşamış birinin hamsiyi sevmesi gibi. sözleri de şöyle: i am waiting, i am waiting (oh yeah, oh yeah) i am waiting, i am waiting (oh yeah, oh yeah) waiting for someone to come out of somewhere waiting for someone to come out of somewhere you can't hold out, you can't hold out oh yeah, oh yeah you can't hold out, you can't hold out oh yeah, oh yeah waiting for someone to come out of somewhere waiting for someone to come out of somewhere see it come along and don't know where it's from oh, yes you will find out well, it happens all the time it's censored from our minds you'll find out slow or fast, slow or fast oh yeah, oh yeah end at last, end at last oh yeah, oh yeah waiting for someone to come out of somewhere waiting for someone to come out of somewhere stand up coming years and escalation fears oh, yes we will find out well, like a withered stone fears will pierce your bones you'll find out oh we're waiting, oh we're waiting oh yeah, oh yeah oh we're waiting, oh we're waiting oh yeah, oh yeah waiting for someone to come out of somewhere waiting for someone to come out of somewhere oh we're waiting, oh we're waiting oh we're waiting, oh were waiting...
özgürlüğün şarkısıdır. bir kaç gündür takılıp kaldığım 60 ların gruplarında the rolling stones'un neden aralarından sıyrılıp bir adım önde olduğunu bu şarkı çok iyi göstermektedir.
hakkı verilmemiş bir the rolling stones şarkısı da bu sanırım. bir çok duyguyu ve gerçeği çok güzel anlatıyor. mutsuzluğu ve beklemeyi. ve rushmore.
