heather nova'dan dinlediğim ama kendinin mi diil mi bilmediğim, gayet güzel şarkı; are you ready for me to be stronger i'm keeping my distance, my voice to a whisper are you ready for me to surrender 'cause i find in my return there's no need to hide these words maybe i'm no angel but i feel like i could fly and maybe there's no rainbow, but my love for you still shines and i want to, i want to be endless i want to be helpless, i want to be true like a sunbeam, the shadow's behind me sliding out of view, let me bring it home to you maybe i'm no angel but i feel like i could fly and maybe there's no rainbow, but my love for you still shines 'cause here i am, here i am i've been running long enough to know here i am, here i stand all this rung's got me longin in my soul maybe i'm no angel but i feel like i could fly and maybe there's no rainbow, but my love for you still shines
bir dido parcasi.
(bkz: no angels)
dido'dan ardarda dinlenebilecek yumuşak parça..ayrıca kendisine melek diye hitap edilen kişinin vereceği cevap..
(bkz: we're no angels)
dido'nun no angel albumundeki 10. parça. dido'nun kadife sesiyle birlesince insanı oldukca rahatlatan bir melodiye sahiptir kendisi.
bir süredir hayatımın geri planında calan sarkı
her şarkıyı "aa beni anlatıyormuş bu" şeklinde değerlendirme furyasını sonlandırma çabalarının bir kez daha çöküşü, dido'nun no angel albümünden. buyrunuz sözleri * : if you gave me a coin for every time we say goodbye well i'd be rich beyond my dreams, i'm sorry for my weary life i know i'm not perfect but i can smile and i hope that you can see this heart behind my tired eyes if you tell me that i can't, i will, i will, i'll try all night and if i say i'm coming home, i'll probably be out all night i know i can be afraid but i'm alive and i hope that you trust this heart behind my tired eyes i'm no angel, but please don't think that i won't try and try i'm no angel, but does that mean that i can't live my life i'm no angel, but please don't think that i can't cry i'm no angel, but does that mean that i won't fly i know i'm not around each night and i know i always think i'm right i can beleive that you might look around i'm no angel, but please don't think that i won't try and try i'm no angel, but does that mean that i can't live my life i'm no angel, but please don't think that i can't cry i'm no angel, but does that mean that i won't fly
"mükemmel değilim, hatalarım da var. kendimi tanıyorum. kendimi tanıdığım için de mutluyum, hayattan zevk alıyorum. " demenin dido dilindeki karşılığı.
hikayesini, senaryosunu, dialoglarını herbişeyini mae west'in elleriyle yazdığı, bi de üstüne başrolünde oynadığı, cary grant'ın gençlik yıllarında* şöyle bir görünüp geçtiği, zamanında box-office'i fena sallamış, "mae ve erkekleri" temalı 1933 yılına ait bir filmdir de aynı zamanda. mae west'in imzası haline gelen imalı dialoglarıyla dolup taşan film, sansür kurulundan da nasibini almış ve filmde yer alan "no one does it like a dallas man" isimli şarkı "no one loves me like a dallas man" şeklinde değiştirilmiştir. buyrunuz bu da imdb linki: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0024166/
milk incin şarkısı c/p everyone thinks they know me, they think they comprehend wake up and smell the coffee i am not that innocent everybody tells me that i should not believe you’re more than smoke & mirrors but i am not that naïve no no no i’m no angel, i’m no angel no no no i’m no angel, anymore this is now, this is me i’m no angel, baby this is now, this is me i’m breaking free everyone says i’m falling but they don’t understand i’m tired of choosing right from wrong i’m not that innocent everybody tells me i’m bound to be deceived but i don’t need protection ‘cause i am not that naïve no no no i’m no angel, i’m no angel no no no i’m no angel, anymore this is now, this is me i’m no angel, baby this is now, this is me i’m breaking free
