başlayıp, akıp giden bir sörf filmi. huzur veren, serinleten içli film.
mp3ü loopa alır gibi arka planda tekrarlatılabilecek bi film.
(bkz: tekrar tekrar izlenecek filmler) türkçe'ye çılgın sörfçüler ismiyle çevrilmiş, goruntu yonetmenine hayran kaldığım film.
zalman king'in filmidir. dünyanın çeşitli yerlerindeki sörf plajlarında geçer.
çok güzel bir nelly furtado şarkısı. sözleri şöyledir: i looked at your face i saw that all the love had died i saw that we had forgotten to take the time i, i saw that you couldn't care less about what you do you couldn't care less about the lies you couldn't find the time to cry we forgot about love we forgot about faith we forgot about trust we forgot about us now our love's floating out the window our love's floating out the back door our love's floating up in the sky in heaven where it began back in god's hands you said that you had said all that you had to say you said baby it's the end of the day and we gave a lot but it wasn't enough we got so tired that we just gave up now our love's floating out the window our love's floating out the back door our love's floating up in the sky in heaven where it began back in god's hands we didn't respect it we went and neglected it we didn't deserve it but i never expected this our love floated out the window our love floated out the back door our love floated up in the sky to heaven it's part of a plan it's back in god's hands back in god's hands oh it didn't last it's a thing of the past no we didn't understand oh just what we had oh i want it back just what we had oh i want it back oh just what we had
biten aşkın ardından dinlenebilecek güzel bir şarkı our love's floating up in the sky in heaven where it began back in god's hands
nelly furtado ya ait duygusal şarkı! nelly gönüllerde taht kurmasının sebebini, bu şarkıda hiç alışık olmadığı tarzda duygusal söyleyerek , aleni göstermiştir. benim için fazlasıyla anlam taşıyan kişinin, bana hediye gönderdiği şarkı...
nelly furtado'nun bütün güzelliğini gözler önüne seren bir videosu vardır bu şarkının: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vr31iv7j61o&nr=1
