bir sum41 şarkısı sözlerinide yazayım tam olsun the faster we're falling, we're stopping and stalling. we're running in circles again just as things we're looking up you said it wasn't good enough. but still we're trying one more time. maybe we're just trying to hard. when really it's closer than it is too far cause i'm in too deep, and i'm trying to keep, up above in my head, instead of going under. cause i'm in too deep, and i'm trying to keep, up above in my head, instead of going under. instead of going under. seems like each time i'm with you i loose my mind, because i'm bending over backwards to relate. it's one thing to complain but when you're driving me insane well then i think it's time that we took a break. maybe we're just trying to hard. when really it's closer than it is too far cause i'm in too deep, and i'm trying to keep, up above in my head, instead of going under. cause i'm in too deep, and i'm trying to keep, up above in my head, instead of going under. instead of going under. instead of going under. i can't sit back and wonder why. it took so long for this to die. and i hate it when you fake it. you can't hide it you might as well embrace it. so believe me it's not easy. it seems that something's telling me, cause i'm in too deep, and i'm trying to keep, up above in my head, instead of going under. cause i'm in too deep, and i'm trying to keep, up above in my head, instead of going under. instead of going under. instead of going under. instead of going under again. instead of going under. instead of going under again. instead of going under again.
invisible touch tan genesis sarksi..sozleri.. all that time i was searching, nowhere to run to, it started me thinking, wondering what i could make of my life, who'd be waiting, asking all kinds of questions, to myself, but never finding the answers, crying at the top of my voice, no one listening, all this time, i still remember everything you said there's so much you promised, how could i ever forget. listen, you know i love you, but i just can't take this, you know i love you, but i'm playing for keeps, although i need you, i'm not gonna make this, you know i want to, but i'm in too deep. so listen, listen to me, you must believe me, i can feel your eyes go thru me, but i don't know why. i know you're going, but i can't believe it's the way that you're leaving, it's like we never knew each other at all, it may be my fault, i gave you too many reasons, beeing alone, when i didn't want to i thought you'd always be there, i almost believed you, all this time, i still remember everything you said, there's so much you promised, how could i ever forget. listen, you know i love you, but i just can't take this, you know i love you, but i'm playing for keeps, although i need you, i'm not gonna make this, you know i want to, but i'm in too deep. so listen, listen to me, i can feel your eyes go thru me it seems i've spent too long only thinking about myself now i want to spend my life just caring bout somebody else. listen, you know i love you, but i just can't take this, you know i love you, but i'm playing for keeps, although i need you, i'm not gonna make this, you know i want to, but i'm in too deep.
james labrie şarkısı. buram buram hard core kokar. (bkz: elements of persuasion) know how it came to this the hit on me his kiss stripped of all dignity - the man i set him up - he brought me in portrayed the goon to trust - befriend fed the machine - and lived the lie concealed the truth to stay alive two faced - can't trace convinced what they see thick skinned - i'm in can't risk - transparency rehearsed - well versed who i'm supposed to be my nerves - i mask - silence the fear in me this plan had better work their tapped i'm wired research no swear i'll blend right in - right in set them up - knock em dead hesitate it's me instead lose my nerve - i'll take it all and i pray he takes the fall two faced - can't trace convinced what they see thick skinned - i'm in can't risk - transparency rehearsed - well versed who i'm supposed to be my nerves - i mask - silence the fear in me digging in i'm digging further i know i'm in too deep now in the game i must deliber to end what's happening digging in i'm digging further i know i'm in too deep and i intend to blow their cover to end what's happening keep talking this way got something to say information you want more just gotta even the score can't stop the balls in play their trust they'll make you pay white shark loans you white shark owns you which side's gonna save you which side's gonna play you shake down won't take long bulletproof vest on witness prorection gave me their direction you fucking moron - defecting digging in i'm digging further the dampness setting in six feet too deep i feel the madman slowly creeping in digging in i'm digging further the worst is happening i lie, i breathe the air they feed me would welcome smothering digging in i'm digging further the dampness setting in six feet too deep i feel the madman slowly creeping in *
en kusursuz genesis parçalarındandır.. sözleri büyüler ve üzer. fazla ümitlenmemek lazım hiçbir şeyden önce ve güvenmemek lazım anlamı taşır.. ve tabi kabullenmek yanlışlarını.
yaran, deşen james labrie şarkısı. gitarda marco sfogli var.
insanı aniden keyiflendirme etkisine sahip olabilen çok iyi bir sum41 parçası. --- spoiler --- maybe we're just trying too hard when really it's closer than it is too far --- spoiler ---
güzeller güzeli belinda carlisle'ın 1996 tarihli a woman and a man albümünden single olarak çıkardığı çok güzel bir şarkı. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vk7jnqxnou4 i was high and dry don't ask me why we took the wrong turn that day out on that long lonely highway. the river was pounding below and how we crashed, i'll never know but suddenly i can't swim so this is drowning suddenly i'm in too deep to ever get out i gave you my heart and my soul to keep don't give me your doubts i'm over my head and it's scaring me so i'm in too deep i'm in too deep thanks for the crash course that ride upon your noble horse well we jumped the fence that day and rode so far away will i forever roam? i only want to come home so won't you throw me a line? i think it's really time suddenly i'm in too deep to ever get out i gave you my heart and soul to keep don't give me your doubts i'm over my head and it's scaring me so so have a little faith baby in where we're going to don't ask me where you know i just can't tell you all i know is i'm swept away taken by this undertow ooh, waves are crashing in baby, baby don't let me go, 'cause i'm in too deep
