daha duyulur duyulmaz "ahanda vilicpipil* sarkisi" denilecek, ne menem bir sey oldugu sozlerinden de anlasilacak parcadir. bence vp'in her sarkisinda oldugu gibi bunda da bir ibnelik vardi, o hallerde love paradelarda calmasi uygundur. ha bunu calip arkasindan freelove'a baliklama gecis yapan radyodaki dj'e zevki konusunda bol kufurlu bir soylem vermek uzere, ben zaten tusladim numarayi, siz alttaki entryi okurken.. (ay aman cok sikildim*) where can you find pleasure search the world for treasure learn science technology where can you begin to make your dreams all come true on the land or on the sea where can you learn to fly play in sports and skin dive study oceanography sign of for the big band or sit in the grandstand when your team and others meet in the navy yes, you can sail the seven seas in the navy yes, you can put your mind at ease in the navy come on now, people, make a stand in the navy, in the navy can't you see we need a hand in the navy come on, protecteur of the land in the navy come on and join your fellow man in the navy come on people, and make a stand in the navy, in the navy, in the navy (in the navy) they want you, they want you they want you as a new recruit if you like adventure don't you wait to enter the recruiting office fast don't you hesitate there is no need to wait they're signing up new seamen fast maybe you are too young to join up today bout don't you worry 'bout a thing for i'm sure there will be always a good navy protecting the land and sea in the navy yes, you can sail the seven seas in the navy yes, you can put your mind at ease in the navy come on now, people, make a stand in the navy, in the navy can't you see we need a hand in the navy come on, protect the motherland in the navy come on and join your fellow man in the navy come on people, and make a stand in the navy, in the navy, in the navy (in the navy) they want you, they want you they want you as a new recruit who me? they want you, they want you they want you as a new recruit but, but but i'm afraid of water. hey, hey look man, i get seasick even watchin' it on tv! they want you, they want you in the navy oh my goodness. what am i gonna do in a submarine? they want you, they want you in the navy
gecenlerde ilk defa dikkatli dinlerken 'but but i'm afraid of water' bolumunde yarildigim sarki.
muppet versiyonu icin bkz: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtwq1_9vh68
klipteki gemi, uss reasoner*'dir. adamlar punduna getirip "şarkının ücretsiz kullanım hakkı" karşılığında abd donanmasından gemiyi ve geminin tayfasını klipte kullanma imkanını almışlar. daha sonra bu gemi türkiye tarafından satın alınıp tcg kocatepe adıyla donanmaya katılmıştır. bunun şarkıyla bir alakası yok tabi, işin trivia kısmı.
