ing. havasinda olmak. in the mood for x olarak kullanilir.(x = herhangi fiil ya da isim) (bkz: ukte dolmasi)
(bkz: in the mood for love)
ayni zamanda bir john lee hooker sarkisidir.
en şukela big band şarkılarından biridir. glenn miller orchestra'dan daha güzel yorumlayan ise olmadı şimdiye kadar (deutsche schule big band hariç*)
ayni zamanda rush'in rush albümünün 6. sarkisi çok eglenceli bir sarkidir. babalar sarkinin bazi yerlerinde davulda cowbell falan kullanmis çok tatli olmus. sözleri de söyledir. hey now, baby, well, i like your smile. won't you come and talk to me for a little while? well, you're makin' me crazy, the way you roll them eyes. won't you come and sit with me? i'll tell you all my lies. hey baby, it's a quarter to eight, i feel i'm in the mood. hey baby, the hour is late, i feel i've got to move. well, hey now, baby, don't you talk so fast. i'm just tryin' to make these good times, i'm tryin' to make it last. everything's getting hazy. now honey, where'd you go? i just want to find out, baby...where'd you learn what you know? hey baby, it's a quarter to eight, i feel i'm in the mood. hey baby, the hour is late, i feel i've got to move. well, hey now, baby, i said i like your style. you really got me, baby, way down deep inside. ooh, you drive me crazy. baby, you're the one. i just want to rock-and-roll you woman, until the night is gone. hey baby, it's a quarter to eight, i feel i'm in the mood. hey baby, the hour is late, i feel i've got to move.
aynı zamanda 1984 forever young albümünden muhteşem bir alphaville şarkısı ..
her insanın evladının en azından şu ya da bu şekilde bir kere dinlemiş olduğu ya da dinlemesi, en azından bilmesi gerektiği, gelmiş geçmiş en meşhur big band'lerden glenn miller orchestra'nın en ünlü şarkılarından birisi, belki de en ünlüsü: http://youtube.com/watch?v=br3k5ub-wma
peter sellers'in vasiyetinde adı geçer bu şarkının. cenazesinde çalınması, son isteğiymiş.
the puppini sisters'ın sabahları dans etme isteği uyandırıp, kahve etkisi yapan güzel şarkısı. who's the lovely daddy with the beautiful eyes what a pair o' lips, i'd like to try 'em for size i'll just tell him, "baby, won't you swing it with me" hope he tells me maybe, what a wing it will be so, i said politely "darlin' may i intrude" he said "don't keep me waitin' when i'm in the mood" first he held me lightly and we started to dance then he held tightly what a dreamy romance and he said "hey, baby, it's a quarter to three there's a mess of moonlight, won't cha share it with me" "well" i answered "baby, don't cha know that it's rude to keep my sisters waitin' when they're in the mood" in the mood, that's what he told me in the mood, and when he told me in the mood, my heart was skippin' it didn't take me long to say "i'm in the mood now" in the mood for all his kissin' in the mood his crazy lovin' in the mood what i was missin' it didn't take me long to say "i'm in the mood now" first he held me lightly and we started to dance then he held tightly what a dreamy romance and he said "hey, baby, it's a quarter to three there's a mess of moonlight, won't cha share it with me" "well" i answered "baby, don't cha know that it's rude to keep my sisters waitin' when they're in the mood" in the mood, that's what he told me in the mood, and when he told me in the mood, my heart was skippin' it didn't take me long to say "i'm in the mood now" in the mood for all his kissin' in the mood his crazy lovin' in the mood what i was missin' it didn't take me long to say "i'm in the mood now" in the mood... (scat) in the mood... (scat) in the mood... (scat)
(bkz: #10863605) peter sellers appreciation society'ye göre sellers aslında in the mood'dan nefret edermiş. bunu iyi bilen yakınlarını cenazede güldürmek istemiş. parça, kremasyonla aynı anda başlamış. http://www.petersellersappreciationsociety.com/…php
pek şahane mix varyasyonları piyasada dönen (misal uc-64), glenn miller çıktısı.
ekşi sözlüğün eksik parçası olan şarkı, robert plant'den geliyor in the mood. i'm in the mood for a melody i'm in the mood for a melody i'm in the mood i'm in the mood for a melody i'm in the mood for a melody i'm in the mood i'm in the mood for a melody i'm in the mood for a melody i'm in the mood i can make you dance - i can make you sing i can make you dance - i can make you sing if you want me to i can make you dance - i can make you sing i can make you dance - i can make you sing if you want me to i can make you dance - i can make you sing i can make you dance - i can make you sing if you want me to any little song that you want to sing little songs that you want to sing any song will do any little song that you want to sing little songs that you want to sing it's up to you little songs that you want to sing a little song that you want to sing you're blue i'm in the mood, i'm in the mood, i'm in the mood i can write it on the door - i can put it on the floor i can do anything that you want me for if you want me to i can do it right - i can do it wrong 'cause a matter of fact it'll turn out to be strong if you want me to tam bir aşk adamı robert plant seviyoruz ailecek sevmeyeni de dio çarpıyormuş cennetten. (bkz: alın teri değil copy paste)
forever young albümünden bir alphaville şahanesi: "he's in the mood to touch the fire he's in the mood to touch everything you are he's in the mood to touch the fire touch the fire, touch the fire jacky's locked in a silent dream he's watching movies on the tv-screen he feels unsteady lights a cigarette he's getting mellow in his cabinet in his cabinet oh jacky, when everything goes wrong get ready, for you've got to be so strong it's so supersensual, so sentimental dial that cipher in your tears the number to the golden years you've got to touch the fire wake up, little boy you've got to play with fire wake up you've got to touch the fire wake up, little boy you've got to play with fire you've got to play with fire jacky hears it, is it her or not? (talk to me, talk to me) his eyes are burning 'cause the brain's too hot (talk to me now) he's sitting calmly on a swivel chair (talk to me, talk to me) there's something coming from the upper stairs (talk to me now) from the upper stairs oh jacky, when everything goes wrong get ready, for you've got to be so strong it's so supersensual, so sentimental dial that cipher in your tears the number to the golden years oh jacky, when everything goes wrong get ready, for you've got to be, you've got to be so strong it's so sensual, so sentimental dial that cipher in your tears the number to the golden years (uu, jacky) now listen to me jacky you were always so lonesome in that quiet lonely house high on the hill (uu, jacky) just come come and meet me you know where and we'll take a nice holiday back in the old, old days (uu, jacky) of happiness when everything goes wrong get ready, for you've got to be so strong it's so sensual, so sentimental dial that cipher in your tears dial that cipher in your tears in your tears in your tears" ayrıca marian gold 99'da verdiği bir röportajda şarkıdan ve kahramanımızdan şöyle bahseder: "in the mood is probably about growing up, losing friends, being afraid of the future etc. jacky is a kind of sentimental fool, a mixture of hitchcock´s norman bates whose mother´s still living somewhere in the upper store of his pretty sick brain and somebody, who´s standing on the roof of a very tall building, unsure if he should jump or enjoy the view. we had just signed our first record deal at that time, so i guess the song had something to do with it."
