the doll's house part six
bir john landis filmi... (bkz: jeff goldblum) (bkz: melanie griffith) edit: (bkmynz: melanie griffith) (bkz: michelle pfeiffer)
racer x in street lethal albümünden bir şarkı.
güzel mi güzel bir the music şarkısı. sözleri de şöyle bişilerdi değişmediyse: tonight we'll start a fire you know we'll let it burn somehow we'll over come it i'll never know i can't stop thinking about it it's eating away inside believe me when i tell you it's mine you now know i decided long ago i was gonna be with you but into the night we both will go and find our own way a thousand lights above us we're gonna let them shine what comes first tomorrow or maybe the next life cos you live for the weekend and i live forever and you say you don't need it i don't know you don't know i decided long ago i was gonna be with you but into the night we both will go and find our own way i decided long ago i was gonna be with you but into the night we both will go and find our own way do you know do you know whoa woe do you know do you know whoa woe i'm taking my things leaving behind all of the pain you've caused me and i never want you back in my life back in my life in my life i can't stop thinking about it it's eating away inside believe me when i tell you it's mine you now know i decided long ago i was gonna be with you but into the night we both will go and find our own way i decided long ago i was gonna be with you but into the night we both will go and find our own way yeah, we will find our own way do you know do you know whoa woe
santanalı chad kroeger'li güzel şarkı. solo hariç aslında sadece chad de olurmuş. abi yorulmasaymış. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun like a gift from the heavens, it was easy to tell, it was love from above, that could save me from hell, she had fire in her soul it was easy to see, how the devil himself could be pulled out of me, there were drums in the air as she started to dance, every soul in the room keeping time with there hands, and we sang… (chorus) ay oh ay oh ay oh ay, and the voices rang like the angels sing, we’re singing… ay oh ay oh ay oh ay, and we danced on into the night, ay oh ay oh, ay oh ay oh, and we danced on into the night, like a piece to the puzzle that falls into place, you could tell how we felt from the look on our faces, we was spinning in circles with the moon in our eyes, no room left to move in between you and i, we forgot where we were and we lost track of time, and we sang to the wind as we danced through the night, and we sang… (chorus) ay oh ay oh ay oh ay, and the voices rang like the angels sing, we’re singing… ay oh ay oh ay oh ay, and we danced on into the night, ay oh ay oh, ay oh ay oh, and we danced on into the night, ay oh ay oh, ay oh ay oh, and we danced on into the night, (solo) like a gift from the heavens, it was easy to tell, it was love from above, that could save me from hell, she had fire in her soul it was easy to see, how the devil himself could be pulled out of me, there were drums in the air as she started to dance, every soul in the room keeping time with there hands, and we sang… (chorus) ay oh ay oh ay oh ay, and the voices rang like the angels sing, we’re singing… ay oh ay oh ay oh ay, and we danced on into the night, ay oh ay oh, ay oh ay oh, and we danced on into the night, (and the voices rang like the angels sing), ay oh ay oh, ay oh ay oh, and we danced on into the night, ay oh ay oh ay oh ay, (ay oh ay oh), ay oh ay oh ay oh ay, (ay oh ay oh), singing ay oh ay oh ay oh ay, (ay oh ay oh), and we danced on into the night…
average white band'in 1980 tarihli shine albümünde bulunan enstrümantal jazz disco funk üçgeninde harmanladıkları güzel çalışmaları.
carla wernerın pure things in wild places albümünde bulunan sakin sessiz başlayıp coşan bir şarkı.
kuzey amerika ormanlarinin karanligina, tas duvardaki catlaklara sizan karinca kolonileri yada bitki kökleri gibi yayilan insan uygarliginin, evrenin insan ruhuna korku ve dehset veren güzelligi icinde eriyip gidisini his etmemizi, bu hisin ruhumuzda eski usul dolu tugla gibi cisimlesmesini saglayan ender sarkilardan biri. aksam aksam yüregime saplandi bir saban... celik ve postmodern bu saban.. silah namlusu gibi bir sey. bolca disli.. ruhuma isledin be david; senin de a. k. ulan angelo; cik artik ic organlarimdan julee..
the motorhomesun pek güzel bir parçası. into the night we're alright into the pale moonlight nothing could go wrong when you're alone carry on pull out the nails from your bones keep on keeping on you've got nothing to fear promise you will be there nothing will go wrong don't chase the beat of your heart don't let yourself fall apart nothing could go wrong you've got nothing to fear promise you will be there nothing will go wrong this pain put there by your loved ones goes deep into your bones that carry your body this pain put there by your loved ones goes deep into your bones that carry your body into the night it's alright into the pale morninglight nothing has gone wrong and nothing will go wrong
1985 yılı yapımı john landis filmi olmasının yanı sıra ayrıca b.b. king'in aynı adlı şarkısıdır. şarkı filmde de kullanılmıştır. sözleride şöyledir; caught in quicksand starting to sink so tired of struggling that my mind can barely think don't know where i'm going lord, i don't know what i'm gonna do fuel supply is finished ain't nothing left to burn i need someone to help me but i don't know which way to turn i know i don't have much of a choice i'll go out of my mind or into the night rolling and tumbling spinning end over end got to have some peace and quiet so i can find myself again ask me what's the matter hey, i don't know what to say people all around me but i'm so alone i guess they'd like to help me but i have to do it on my own i know i don't have much of a choice i'll go out of my mind or into the night
twin peaks soundtrack'inde yer alan julee cruise parçası... sakin, sessiz ilerlerken şarkının tüm tadını bozan* çok kısa bir orkestral kısma sahiptir, sonlarına doğru into the ight i cry out i cry out your name into the night i search out i search out your love night so dark where are you? come back in my heart so dark so dark into the night shadows fall shadows fall so blue i cry out i cry out for you night so dark where are you come back in my heart so dark so dark so dark
