dolly parton ve kenny rogers düeti. [kenny rogers] baby when i met you, there was peace on earth i set out to get you with a fine tooth comb i was soft inside, there was something going on [kenny rogers & dolly parton] you do something to me, that i can't explain hold me closer, and i feel no pain every beat of my heart, we got something goin' on [kenny rogers] tender love is blind, it requires a dedication [kenny rogers & dolly parton] honest love, we feel, needs no conversation and we ride it together, uh huh, making love with each other uh huh islands in the stream, that is what we are. no one in between, how can we be wrong. sail away with me, to another world and we rely on each other, uh huh from one lover to another, uh huh [dolly parton] i can't live without you if the love was gone everything is nothin if youv'e got no one, and you just walk in the the night slowly losing sight of the real thing. [kenny rogers & dolly parton] but that won't happen to us, and we got no doubt too deep in love, and we got no way out and the message is clear, this could be the year for the real thing [dolly parton] no more will you cry baby i will hurt you never [kenny rogers & dolly parton] we start and end as one in love forever we can ride it together, uh huh makin' love with each other, uh huh islands in the stream, that is what we are no one in between, how can we be wrong sail away with me. to another world and we rely on each other, uh huh from one lover to another, uh huh [kenny rogers] (sail away) [dolly parton] (ohhhhh, sail away with me) [kenny rogers & dolly parton] islands in the stream, that is what we are no one in between, how can we be wrong sail away with me, to another world and we rely on each other, uh huh from one lover to another, uh huh islands in the stream, that is what we are no one in between, how can we be wrong sail away with me, to another world and we rely on each other, uh huh from one lover to another, uh huh
hemingway'in ölümünden sonra basılan şahane romanıdır. türkçe baskısının kapağında yeşil üstüne tekne, birbirine sarılan kadın erkek çizilmiş arkasında da romantik kitap, vay be böylesi görülmedi felan denmiştir.hani hemingway'in hastası olmasam elimi sürmem o kapağa. bir de bende bantam booksbaskısı var. üzerinde "the triumphant, romantic bestseller by the author of a farewell to arms" yazar. arkasında da hemingway'in kitapları sıralanmış en sonunda da "the greatest of them all!" ibaresi eklenmiş. o baskı bizimkinden de beter yani. herifler ilan tablosu gibi basmışlar. neyse kitap şahanedir. ıvır zıvır değildir. mary hemingway'in kitabın başında bir notu vardır: charles scribner, jr'la beraber kitap üzerinde çalıştığını, düzeltisini yaptıklarını bir iki yerini kestiklerini ama hiçbir şey eklemediklerini kitabın ernest'in olduğunu filan açıklar. bi de thomas hudson abimiz vardır kitapta; "i don't have to be proud of it. i only have to do it well," der bi yerlerde. ben bu kitabı her sene bi kere okurum, iyi gelir.
the constantines & feist düeti dehşet güzel olan şarkı.
mis gibi bir aşk şarkısı. akarı kokarı yok. birbirilerinden başka hiçbir şey yok.
