vagabond heart albumunden, gencligimizden, bir rod stewart $arkisi. it takes two one can have a dream baby two can make a dream so real one can talk about being in love two can see how it really feels one can wish upon a star two can make a wish come true one can stand alone in the dark two can make a light shine through it takes two baby it takes two baby just me and you you know it takes two one can have a broken heart living in misery two can really ease the pain like a perfect remedy one can be alone in a bar like an island he's all alone two can make just any place seem just like bein' at home it takes two baby it takes two baby just me and you you know it takes two it takes two baby it takes two baby just me and you you know it takes two it takes two baby it takes two baby just me and you you know it takes two one can go out to a movie looking for a special treat two can make that single movie something really kind of neat and one can take a walk in the moonlight thinking that it's really nice but two lovers walking hand in hand is like adding just a pinch of spice it takes two baby it takes two baby just me and you you know it takes two it takes two baby it takes two baby just me and you you know it takes two it takes two baby it takes two baby just me and you you know it takes two
1988 tarihli, lyn collins'in think about it klasiğinden sample edilmiş, rob base and dj e z rock klasiği. hip house türündedir. edit: sample bilgisi için sevgili dostum funkychild'a çok teşekkürler.
"iki kisi lazim" anlaminda obek. orn: it takes two to kiss. *
(bkz: it takes two to tango)
1988 tarihli bu rob base and dj e z rock şarkısının, tüm zamanların en funky parçalarından birinin sözlerini de yazmak lazım gelir tabii: it takes two to make a thing go right it takes two to make it outta sight hit it! i wanna rock right now i'm rob base and i came to get down i'm not internationally known but i'm known to rock the microphone because i get stoopid, i mean outrageous stay away from me if you're contagious 'cause i'm the winner, no, i'm not the loser to be an m.c. is what i choose 'a ladies love me, girls adore me i mean even the ones who never saw me like the way that i rhyme at a show the reason why, man, i don't know so let's go, 'cause it takes two to make a thing go right it takes two to make it outta sight hit it! my name is rob, i gotta real funky concept listen up, 'cause i'm gonna keep you in step i got an idea that i wanna share you don't like it? so what, i don't care i'm number one, the uno, i like comp bring all the suckers 'cause all them i'll stomp bold and black but i won't protect all of my followers 'cause all i want is respect i'm not a doctor, put them in rapture a slick brother that can easy outfox ya cause i'm rob, the last name base, yeah and on the mike, i'm known to be the freshest so let's start, it shouldn't be too hard i'm not a sucker so i don't need a bodyguard i won't fess, wear a bulletproof vest don't smoke buddha, can't stand sess, yes it takes two to make a thing go right it takes two to make it outta sight hit it! the situation that the base is in i'm kinda stingy that's why i don't wanna lend a funky rhyme to a foe or a good friend but listen up 'cause i want you to comprehend 'cause i'm the leader, the man superior i take care of ya and then ya get wearier so just sit, my rhymes arenot counterfeit the record sells which makes this one a hit it won't hurt to listen to red alert take off your shirt make sure it don't hit the dirt i like the kids--the guys, the girls i want the ducats 'cause this is rob base's world i'm on a mission, ya better just listen to my rhymes 'cause i'm all about dissin' 'cause it takes two to make a thing go right it takes two to make it outta sight hit it! i stand alone, don't need anyone 'cause i'm rob, just came ot have fun don't need friends that act like foes 'cause i'm rob base, the one who knows about things that make ya get weary don't cheer me, just hear me out 'cause i got the clout--shout (ho!) before i turn the party out i won't stutter-- project my voice, speak clearly so you can be my choice on stage or on record go to the wiz and select it take it off the rack, if it's wack put it back i like the whopper, fuck the big mac if you want static, so let's go so, throw upyour hands go for what you know bro', i got an ego yo, talkin' to me? no oh 'cause rob is in the front, ez rock is on the back up we're not soft, soyou better just slack up 'cause i'm cool, calm just like a breeze rock the mike with the help of ez rock on the set, the music plays only cuts the records that i say it takes two to make a thing go right it takes two to make it outta sight hit it! all right, now, ez rock now, when i count to three i want you ot get busy you ready now? one, two, three, get loose now! it takes two to make a thing go right it takes two to make it outta sight hit it!
(bkz: time makes two)
kirstie alley ve steve guttenberg'li güzel bir komedi filmi. mary-kate ve ashley olsen kardeşlerin şimdiki kadar sinir bozucu olmadıkları dönemlerden hoş bir filmdir, devamlı televizyonda veriliyordu bir ara.
ah ah, şarkının orijinali tabii ki motown! tabii ki marvin gaye, tabii ki kim weston. marvin gaye'in ilk dönemlerinden sayılabilecek bir 45'lik. 1967. inanılmaz naif (dileyen saf ya da salak olarak da okuyabilir) sözlere sahip; ama nasıl bir ruh halinde dinlenirse dinlensin mutlu etme potansiyeline sahip bir şarkı. insanın tek başına yapabileceği şeylerle, iki kişiyken yapabileceği şeyleri karşılaştırıyor falan. beybeehe-ee. ahahah. motown'ın 60'lar ortası döneminin en güzel özetlerinden biri. o davullar, perküsyonlar, yaylılar, piyanolar, üflemeler; motown sound'un karakteristik özelliklerini nefis bir şekilde yansıtıyor. kim weston bu düette kendi kısımlarını zaten harikulade söylüyor da, marvin gaye'e ayrı dikkat derim ben. sözcükleri öyle bir vurguluyor ki, o kadar mı güzel vurgulanır lan. öyle "twooo" denmez, öyle "home" denmez arkadaşım. vay anunakoim.
my name is earl'deki randy'nin favori şarkısıdır. jukebox'ta çaldığında olta atıp * gay bir elemanı bile çekmişliği var.
harika twist yapılan şarkı.
aynı zamanda desperate housewives üçüncü sezon ikinci bölümünün adı.
