w3c'nin java'da geli$tirdigi web server yazilimi..
fugazi albümünden mükemmel marillion şaheseri... lyrics: dick music: dick/kelly/rothery/trewavas we are jigsaw pieces aligned on the perimeter edge interlocked through a missing piece we are renaissance children becalmed beneath the bridge of sighs forever throwing firebrands at the stonework we are siamese children related by the heart bleeding from the surgery of initial confrontation holding the word scalpels on trembling lips stand straight, look me in the eye and say goodbye stand straight, we've drifted past the point of reasons why yesterday starts tomorrow, tomorrow starts today and the problem always seems to be we're picking up the pieces on the ricochet drowning tequila sunsets, stowaways on midnight ships refugees of romance plead asylum from the real scrambling distress signals on random frequencies forever repatriated on guilt laden morning planes we are pilots of passion sweating the flight on course to another summit conference, another breakfast time divorce screaming out a ceasefire, snow-blind in an avalanche zone stand straight, look me in the eye and say goodbye stand straight, we've drifted past the point of reasons why yesterday starts tomorrow, tomorrow starts today and the problem always seems to be we're picking up the pieces on the ricochet are we trigger happy? russian roulette in the waiting room empty chambers embracing the end puzzled visions haunt the ripples of a trevi moon dream coins for the fountain or to cover your eyes we reached ignition point from the sparks of pleasantries we sensed the smoke advancing from horizons you must have known that i was concealing an escape stand straight, look me in the eye and say goodbye, say goodbye stand straight, we've drifted past the point of reasons why yesterday starts tomorrow, tomorrow starts today, starts today and the problem always seems to be we're picking up the pieces on the ricochet, this is the ricochet.
(bkz: jigsaw you)
(bkz: gigli saw)
ortaokulda ingilizce ogretmenimizin "when i was in india...." konulu bir cumlesine konu olan tasima araci....(olmasi gerekir)
ingiltere de pahalı ama pek bir güzel kıyafetler satan mağaza zinciri.
fish "stand straight..." dediği anda her ne iş yapıyorsam bırakıp hazırola geçme isteği uyandıran, ilk duyduğumda da anında kalkıp "hangi şarkı lan bu?" diye bakmama sebep veren bir başka marillion efsanesi.
elektrikli testere, ama zincir testere değil. kısa bir testere bıçağının yukarı aşağı hızlıca hareket etmesi prensibiyle çalışıyor. ince, artistik işlerde, yuvarlak ve hassas dönüşler yapmak için ideal. üzerindeki ayarlı gönye ile kesiş açısını değiştirip aleti yatırabiliyorsunuz da. ustalar bu alete genelde cikso diyorlar. piyasada black and decker, bosch ve bilimum markada bulunabilir.
elektrikli dekubaj testeredir.
(bkz: jigsaw puzzle)
en yakın zamanda aşağıdakı kaydı içeren kaseti sozluğun içine atıp kaçacak olan, hayvan zeki insanoğlu... +hello finks* i wanna play a game...the thing that build on your face is a bone breaker...it will divide your haed into billion pieces in 10 minutes...if you look carefully to the thing, you'll see a keyhole on it... can you imagine where is the key?you can see the key if you look the radiograph behind you...yes, you got it finks, the key is in one of your eyes...you like nosering ha???but you can't squeal on people without eyes ha???you'll make a choise finks...will you sacrifice nosering people, in order to alive???you can see a lancet on the left side of you..the game has begun finks...start digging your eyes...time is ticking...
punisher tarafindan içinden geçirildiği camin kurşun geçirmez olduğunu belirtmek de lazim... düşünün nasil atmişsa artik...
madder mortem şarkısı. words vomited into a face cold leavings, there's only bleak and lifeless duty moan into my ear, though i know you would break me but i will watch you choke i'll tear myself into pieces and grow out stronger and colder i turn the tables on you there's no place to hide i tear myself into pieces there's nothing here to hold me i tell myself apart from you above and beyond i tear myself into pieces know i'm beyond all despair don't turn your back on me again, transcribing my name to nothing hope a saviour with all fingers crossed i slip on my gloves and carve a flawless icon into pieces i tear myself into pieces placing me where i belong outside all soft dreams and outside the throng fools the error is all in yourselves the ideal is pure and cruel and nauseates you so give me the crown and the throne i render you dead and tear all you completed into pieces..
the punisher 2'de dominic west tarafından canlandırılacak the punisher kötü karakteri.
alet olarak kullanılan için: http://ryan.skow.org/…hurch/construction/jigsaw.jpg saw serisinin kötü adamı için http://www.moviegoods.com/…s/1020/237396.1020.a.jpg
i wanna play a game insanı, ölüm döşeğinde aklı fikri hala oyunda oynaşta. ayrıca filmlerde* az ama öz konuşur, kulak verenlere büyük nasihatları vardır.
tiki versiyonu için; (bkz: cikssaw)
ingilterede sadece bayan kıyafetleri satan magaza, ayrica yakin zamanda amerikada da magazalar acmaya basladilar. ilgilenenlere http://www.jigsaw-online.com/company/
(bkz: wasgij)
(bkz: yapboz)
(bkz: jigsaw falling into place)
(bkz: jigsaw un bak sen hareketi)
felsefe sahibi,katil olmayan katil,adil cezalandirici,tapilasi karizma...saw serisindeki john kramer in lakabi."i wanna play a game" der ve keser atar.adam 3. filmde oldu ama boku 6.film icin anlastigina gore 6.filme kadar cikacak olan muhendis. edit: 6 derken 7. çektiler. bir de utanmadan tıri di yaptılar. film tırt fakat jigsaw dayı her zaman karizma.
9.nesil bir yazar arkadaşımız.
öldükten sonra ortaya çıkan binbir çeşit oyunuyla, kurgu aşamasında 2pac'ten esinlenildiğini düşündüren saw'un delisi..*
(bkz: project jigsaw)
sözleriyle artık oha dedirtmiş marillion şarkısı. yesterday starts tomorrow, tomorrow starts today and the problem always seems to be we're picking up the pieces on the ricochet
chris madin'in son zamanlarda reklamlarda da sıkca rastladığımız pek bi şukela eseri. sözlerini de yazayım, tam olsun. your face, your style, your kiss, your smile all the puzzle pieces i've been missing no man alive could walk on by won't even try it 'cause there's no resisting you you've been a long time coming around thought i was lost but now i'm found you're like the final piece of the jigsaw puzzle i've been waiting for all my life baby you make it better now my cinderella's got the slipper that fits and i know this is it 'cause this jigsaw sure looks right to think that i could ever find anyone better baby who am i fooling? i missed all the signs, blew so much time i only found you when i stopped looking you've been a long time coming around thought i was lost but now i'm found you're like the final piece of the jigsaw puzzle i've been waiting for all my life baby you make it better now my cinderella's got the slipper that fits and i know this is it 'cause this jigsaw sure looks right and even though sunshine fades there's nobody could ever take your place you're like the final piece of the jigsaw puzzle i've been waiting for all my life baby you make it better now my cinderella's got the slipper that fits and i know this is it 'cause this jigsaw sure looks right.
ultra zeki bir seri katil. kendisi nam-ı diğer "jigsaw"dır fakat kendisi bu ismi asla kabul etmez bunun medyanın uydurması olduğunu söyler. kendisi 3. bölümde hakkın rahmetine kavuşurken yaptığı cinlikler 4 film daha götürmüştür. mühendistir aynı zamanda.
(bkz: gülriz sururi)
