(bkz: tori amos) dropped off the edge again down in juárez "don't even bat an eye if the eagles cries" the rasta ma says, just cause the desert likes young girls flesh and no angel came i don't think you even know what you think you just said so go on spill your seed shake your gun to the rasta man's head and the desert - she must be blessed and no angel came there's a time to keep it up a time to keep it in the indian is told the cowboy is his friend you know that i can breathe even when i cheat should. should've been over for me no angel came
tori amos'un, meksika'da ortadan kaybolduğu söylenen yüzlerce kadın için yazdığı şarkı: "i read an article about several hundred women in juárez, mexico, who had been taken out to the desert and brutally raped and murdered. when they didn't come home, their brothers would go and look for them, and many times they'd find nothing. sometimes they'd find a hair barrette or a sock or something they knew was their sister's. the authorities haven't really done anything about it...they get into this serial-killer theory. i mean, how much serial can one man indulge in? so as the song started to develop, i really began taking the voice of the desert, singing in that perspective." [tori amos; a.p. magazine, oct99]
(bkz: ciudad juarez)
(bkz: mark lanegan) (bkz: the winding sheet) night train is groovy and orange jubilee feels good comin' and goin' i'm warm all over me fire up the crack boys and tie off my arm cinch up my diaper turn the tv on give me another blow job before i'm on the nod say you'll always love me and never do me harm never do me harm never do me harm well you're a preacher's daughter and i'm a bastard's son...
(bkz: el traspatio)
latin olsam ve ikiz çocuklarım olsa birine koyacağım isim. diğerine ise suarez koyardım.
bu sehide devam etmekte olan uyusturucu kartelleri arasindaki "savasta", son iki yil icerisinde bugune kadar 3500'den fazla genc erkek infaz edilmis. haftada ortalama 60 kisi oluyormus. kursunlanmis, kafalari kesilmis, parcalanmis cesetler fiskiriyormus hergun sokaklardan. abd'nin ve kanada'nin uyusturucuya bagimliliginin "yan" etkilerinden sadece birisi daha... modern hayatimizin, insanlik olarak "gelismis" medeniyetimizin bir yoksayilan yan etkisi sadece, cogumuz icin.
meksika tipi kerbela.
