bir the gathering şarkısı..always albümünden.. "stories about unicorns and dragons are just fairytales, so we're told. but don't we all have our personal dragons? fantasy is a world not far from reality." in everyone hides a king for a day nature's actors, in tragedies we play but deep bows the head that bears the crown for the weight of might can always pull us down soon my reign will end i, a king without hands soon this day will end as my tears descend everyone has his own dragons to slay look in her eyes, never turn away soon my reign will end i, a king without hands soon this day will end as my tears descend every treasure you find and every road you take has its opposite side sacrifices to make dream on... sleep on... time is my only fear an enemy of sand my dreams are old a new king will rise
xtc nin de var bu isimle sarkisi.
jamiroquai - king for a day there's no way i'm coming back to you i've just got to say that everything we did is through you tried to undermine the better ranges of my nature but soon your going to find you should have started talking straighter now don't you worry i won't put you down i'm in no hurry, baby to see you go to ground because it's true what they say you know it's true what they say your only king for a day i guess your happy that way well there's no hope for peace and reconciliation you're quick to play your hand but what you haven't learnt is patience so look before you leap to tell the world your coloured story it's clear your talk is cheap you'd do anything to get your glory so spread your wings and fly there is no doubt you're so sorry inside you've got something to shout about because it's true what they say you know it's true what they say you're only king for a day i guess you're happy that way and there's no love ever to be lost between us i guess this is because the damage that you've done is so grievous so i hang my head to dwell on what might have been but what you left instead is pieces of a broken dream now don't you worry i won't put you down i'm in no hurry to see you go to ground because it's true what they say you know it's true what they say you're only king for a day i guess you're happy that way so spread your wings and fly there is no doubt you're so sorry inside you've got something to shout about because it's true what they say you know it's true what they say your only king for a day i guess you're happy that way don't you see that your only king for a day you must believe that
green day'in nimrod albumunden bi parca. sozleri boyle: started at the age of 4. my mother went to the grocery store. went sneaking throught her bedroom door to find something in a size 4. sugar and spice and everything nice wasn't made for only girls. gi joe in panty hose is making room for the one and only. king for a day, princess by dawn. king for a day in a leather thong. king for a day, princess by dawn. just wait 'til all the guys get a load of me. my daddy threw me in therapy. he thinks i'm not a real man. who put the drag in the drag queen. don't knock it until you tried it
her nedense bir türlü sevemediğim jamiroquai parçası.
king for a day fool for a lifetime albumune adini veren biricik faith no more sarkisi.. it is not a good day, if you are not looking good this is the best party that i've ever been to today i asked for a god to pour some wine in my eyes today i asked for someone to shake some salt on my life look! everything's spinning (we're on the ground) never cheer before you know who's winning (don't make a sound) sniff the glass and let it roll around on you tongue let me introduce you to someone before the party is done someone to look to in need or in want or in war if you give him everything, he may give you even more this is the best party i've ever been to don't let me die with that silly look in my eyes
goldfinger adli grubunda bu isimde bi sarkilari var
don't you worry i won't put you down i'm in no hurry to see you go to ground you're so sorry inside you've got something to shout about ....... sözleri nekadar ironik ne kadar da hoştur. içinde dışa vurulmadık bazı şeyler olmakla suçladığı ona kazık atan ;tahminen tekmeyi bastığı eski sevgilisi olmasına rağmen nedense bunu söylemek kahramanımıza , yane terk eden tarafa düşmüş gibidir.kısaca ayrılık şarkılarının en hası;en güzel ifade edilmiş olanıdır.
ayrıca şahane piyano girişide taktir edilesidir.
jamiroquai'ın en güzel şarkılarından birisi.
faith no moreun yakla$ik 6 bu¢uk dakikalik eseri.guzel bir giri$,ortalara dogru iyice gaz,guzel bir ¢iki$ ve mike patton'in pyscho vokali. "look! everything's spinning,we're on the ground"
92 yılından bu yana hayatı beraber yaşadığım nevi şahsına münhasır,epey deli bir o kadar da matrak dost caylak.canciğer kuzu sarması.*
artık o bir yazar evet.hatta şahane hissiyatıyla,engin sezgileri,keskin hayalgücü,cambaz ruhu,araştırmacı kişiliği ve kaotik beyin işleyiş yapısıyla sözlüğe ap ayrı bir ruh katacağına inanıyorum.ya da inanmıyorum çünkü yapmayabilir.
bi greypark sabahında saçmalıklarıma en çok maruz kalmış insan olmakla beraber çok da fazla hatırladığını düşünmediğim, bu yüzden hiç bi mahçubiyet duymadığım şefkat topu.
ne? nasıl? sorularının tehditkar, haylaz ve bir o kadar da terbiyesiz yanıtları. hubi van kenobi. anlamsız ironileri alakasız alegorilerle hayatımıza sokup darmaduman etme huyuyla ün salmış batının portakallı kovboyu olmakla beraber güney çöllerinin kaktüs canavarı.
(bkz: 23 nisan)
(bkz: babe)
bıcır bıcır bir adet post-human sevgi çocuğu. büdüt: çok şeker demiş miydim?
etkileyici bir klibe sahip jamiroquai şarkısı
gary hughes - once and future king part i vokalde bob catley " merlin is deeply unhappy with guinevere's influence over arthur. he perceives the queen to be clever - she wants to rule - either by being the power behind the throne, or, merlin is beginning to suspect, by being directly upon the throne. guinevere is a christian, merlin loathes the followers of the christ. his life's wish, and indeed his death oath is to return the old pagan gods to britain. merlin sees the rise of christianity as a dangerous threat. the common people must not dilute their belief in the true british gods. a foreign god, too meek to avoid being nailed to a tree? merlin would gladly see his beloved land in a godless void than allow the christian cult one single foothold on britain's soil." (merlin) true gods, they sleep locked in their mountain of dreams they wait for the call; for the hunger they must be freed. drive out the christian seed lay waste; bring the storm and the thunder there must be change or this land will crumble and decay i must redeem then; somehow i must free them return what was lost once again if i was the king for a day this land would burn in the mystical flames born through the fire the old gods would reign if i was king for a day these words i speak let loose the dragon i seek his breath will transform through the madness immersed, so deep secrets the centuries keep in death are restored in the vastness until that day we must take their sanctuary away cast out the pieces, the christian weakness and build and the pyre that remains if i was the king for a day this land would burn in the mystical flames born through the fire the old gods would reign if i was king for a day previous track (bkz: shapeshifter) next track (bkz: avalon)
şu an bana kabaklı yumurta yapmakta olan yün yumağı*
(bkz: bir gunluk beylik beyliktir)
deliye her gün bayram lafını deliye her gün baryam olarak algıladığından olsa gerek perküsyon falan takılmaktadır kendileri
günün olayıdır.
çingen astrologum,ciğerim,şıpsevdim.mekrürüm,ayoğlaam.
yaklasik 9345 gün önce saçının arkasında oluşturduğum bir örgünün zaman içinde sevimli bir yumağa dönüşmesine zevkle izin veren zıplak bir hippi, bilumum dengesizliklerine karşın ıslak dehlizlerde kaymadan sekebilen mistik bir palyaçodur.günden güne değişir bu.hatta gün be gün.*
kadim zamanlardan gelen bir bakış. uyanışın ilk adımının portakal suyu sıvısı olduğunu çok iyi bilen; evet citrik mitrik asittir bu.. gözleri ile çok şey anlatan. enerji mekanda dolanırken, bir adet kova ile beraber hem ateş, hem de hava olaraktan, kıpır kıpır kıpraşanlardan biri. yolda yeniden karşılaşmaktan mutlu olduğum, inanç dolduğum andaki 4 den de biri. evet hava, su, toprak ve ateşin, ateş günü... hamdım, piştim, yandım..
bir adet hayalperest yazar, keza hala dağdaki teröristi eğitebileceğini düşünüyor. yazık..
23 nisan geleneğinin monarşik versiyonu. ecnebice tabi.
disini fircalayan bir adama kolonyali mendil ikram etmis bir insandir kendisi, burda az once.
"geveze kekeme"
jamiroquai in şahane ve ara soğutmaksız şarkısı.
(bkz: king for a fool day for a lifetime)
pek inanılmaz fakat, bünyesinde hiç bas gitar kullanılmamış olan ki, aletin ölümcül güzellikteki işlevine rağmen*, garip bir şekilde zerre eksikliği de hissedilmeyen bi'tanecik bombastik jamiroquai şarkısı.
"ya pipisizsinizdir ya da pipi sizsinizdir"*
iyiki doğmuş spiritüel rehberim, bana osho'yu sevdiren insan.
"aa ne güzel tirbüşon şarap mı içsek" ve "sen konuşma gene bok edersin" repliklerinin şahididir bu üstelik artık tarım ve köy işleri bakanlığı onaylı *
günümün açılış parçası...thompson twins'den geliyor king for a day diyor.... ** i know you well and i can tell something's on your mind cos in your dreams the demon screams and i know he's gonna hurt you blind you say you hunger for something you can't name at all and love is not enough anymore if i was king for just one day i would give it all away i would give it all away to be with you if i was king for just one day i have just one thing to say you know that love is all we need to get us trough dimond rings and all those things tey never sparkle like your smile and as for fame it's just a name that only satisfies you for a while you say you hunger... if i was king for just one day... i've heard it said or maybe read only money makes the world go round but all the gold won't heal your soul if your world shold tumble to the ground you say you hunger... if i was king for just one day...
boşluğa kitlenip binlerce defa 'dont let me die with that silly look in my eyes' demeye sebep olabilen bir fnm şarkısıdır bu. mike patton yine hayvandır , yine cozutmuş - cozutturmuştur.
son derece etkili ve dramatik bir jamiroquai şarkısı. jason kay'in klasik müzik eğitimi aldığını düşündürecek her şeye sahiptir bu güzel şarkı.
(bkz: öss birincisi)
faith no more'un hayat gibi bir şarkısı. enerjiyi yavaşça yukarı doğru dalgalandırıyor. bir çıldırış var, yükselen bir isyan, heyecan. sonrasında ise sükunet, kabulleniş.. güne iyi başlatan şarkı bu, ve günü iyi eden şarkı..
garip ve güzel blues saraceno şarkısı.
bu ismi tasiyan bütün sarkilarin cok iyi sarkilar olmasinin sasirtici yani bir tarafa sira ile hepsini pespese dinleyince insanin bu sarkilarin ortak noktasinin ne oldugunu anlamasi ise kacinilmaz. her ne kadar ismi bu sekilde olmasada bu listeye kesinlikle bir sarki daha eklenmeli *
şu günler için çok manidar, çok anlamlı ve çok güzel bir royal hunt parçası, bakın sözlerine hak vereceksiniz... i see your power's growing stronger you can enjoy it longer go take another swing your lies might be a great improvement of a silly, pointless movement that doesn't mean a thing a dog behind the fence, no pride no common sense howling regardless any hype a simple ruthless kind knowing that he'll be gone overnight overnight alright, you had your feelings padded and getting better at it well, colour me impressed your heart is turning meaner colder as you are growing older now back in line with the rest of you some empty shells the kind of garbage hell's waiting for no conscious no remorse it can't get any worse anymore life is cruel: go on rule such a fool you're a king for a day time will come, you'll be gone everyone, every king for a day you can run, you can hide never mind you're a king for a day here's the end and it's fair cause you were just a king for a day take a closer look around life's already wasted ask yourself do you believe that someone can replace it do you really think it all will go away in a single day a single bloody day? why, what goes round comes around lose your head and lose your crown now you're going down life is cruel: go on rule such a fool you're a king for a day time will come, you'll be gone everyone, every king for a day you can run, you can hide never mind you're a king for a day here's the end and it's fair cause you were just a king for a day
jamiroquai'in iki sevdigim sarkisindan biridir. anladigim kadariyla biraz gozden kacmis bir sarki. soyle mukemmel bir canli performansi vardir: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9xtvxbqqgi
hem kekeme hem galatasaraylı olan yazar. baska nelerimiz ortak merak ediyorum acıkcası*
jason kay abimizin bu şarkıyı gruptan ayrılan stuart reyiz için bestelediği söylenmektedir, mantıklıdır da.
aynı zamanda hercules the legendary journeys ikinci sezon on dokuzuncu bölümünün adı.
