ing. son kucaklama cok sevilen bir kelime grubuymus bu. bir kac dakika icinde ayni ismi tasiyan iki film, bir heavy metal grubu, bir de amator siir bulup fisledim. buyrunuz efendim.. ilk film versiyonu : + sevgi kelebekleri icin yapilmis* + suresi 84 dakika + tarihi milattan sonra 1997 + yonetmeni stuart canterbury + senaryosu stuart canterbury ve anthony r lovett tarafindan imece usulu yazilmis + amerika birlesik devletleri bandirali + icerdigi cinsel ogeler yuzunden r rated olarak siniflandirilmis (18 yasindan kucuklerin izlemesi yasak birader) + oyuncu kadrosu ethan wayne, kathy shower, kehli o byrne, tane mcclure, shauna o brien, jeff conaway, michelle bauer, nicole gian, david christensen, marcus graham, janine stillo, justin lauer, robert l newman, lisa comshaw, terrence evans, captain haggerty, rod matlock, david rambaldi den olusuyor.* ikinci film versiyonu : + milletin odu bokuna karissin diye yapilmis* + suresi 1 saat 42 dakika + tarihi (yine) milattan sonra 1979 + yonetmeni jonathan demme + senaryo david shaber e ait + amerikan emperyalizmi urunu bu da + oyuncu listesi roy scheider, janet margolin, christopher walken, sam levene, john glover, charles napier, jacqueline brookes, david margulies, andrew duncan, marcia rodd, joe spinell, lou gilbert, sandy mcleod, mandy patinkin, jim mcbride, jonathan demme*, gary goetzman, cynthia scheider, max wright, sasha von scherler, bert santos tan ibaret. siir versiyonu : + 1996 nin sevgililer gununde yazilmis + sair, excalibur filmini ilk kez izledikten sonra gaza gelip kaleme sarilmis, sahsi fikrimce cok da kotu bir sonuc cikmamis ortaya + sozlerini de yazayim... no more is what i feel, to be in emptiness is all too real. up above the heaven, on a cliff, looking down upon the world as if she had been dismissed. from life's far face it wept, to see its gentle fair light alone, unkept. the water's waves seemed hallowed glass, a mirrored vacancy of empty mass. from high above the earthly tremor, there came a faintly echo, a tiny glimmer. the ebb, the flow that trembled the ocean, the knock, the twist of wind in motion. the wings of the bird sheltered the sun, as if to shield its rays, light come to be undone. shadow passed and swept the ocean's water,, while it licked the wind and it called to her, daughter. her ears parted the wave and stream, the light faintly shimmered and gleamed. the bird came to rest upon her porcelain shoulder, a white and solemn animal smaller than a boulder. its eys brightened beneath the foggy recollection, a memory of grey and red, spoken with affection. her birth, her demise, the link, she was apprised, of her kith, such glistening speech, her hands flew up, alive. of heaven above, her jarred soul quivered forward to, a lasting serenity, a shy twin rainbow cascaded into yonder blue. heavy metal grup versiyonu : 2003 yilina ait spirit caravan adli bir albumleri var. daha fazla pek bir sey bulamadim. hear my call isimli bir parcalari varmis rivayete gore son dakika guncellemesi : eldritch e ait bir sarki da varmis yine ayni adi tasiyan. buyrun bu da onun sozleri.. deadly hatred deceitful lies this plague is carved in my brain burn low! burn alive! thoughts corroding my bones nailed on a cross, paralyzed i see my faith collapse, paint my eyes, draw my mouth on a mirror that hides my mask i lied in silence stemmed my passions whatever happens, will you embrace me again? lying in silence waiting breathless all of a sudden it may even be the last some black shades obscure the sunrise clouds... rain... a foreboding! he used to spy on me behind a claw wall when i slept in a bed of thorns i lied in silence stemmed my passions whatever happens, will you embrace me again? lying in silence waiting breathless all of a sudden it may even be the last i face myself one day will you embrace me again? tonight i ll cry next time over the clouds of the world i will smile (bu kisim alin teri degil, direk kopyalayip yapistirdim)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1p8bfkmh7ru
