phantom blue'nun parçası. sözleri der ki; little man (mcdonald/couch) long haired baby, mad gone crazy you turned my head around flat on my back, you took what you got and walked without a sound dizzy and blue, i shoulda known you’d throw me a line i bought it big time but one thing i never said (chorus) you’re a little man, little man you’re a little man, oh a little little man now i may sound bitter but this was a kicker i still kind of hold a grudge i should ‘ve seen it coming but you, you’d buy the booze and honey, i would lose it i still remember, you weren’t that fucking great i won’t give up my mind for you, oh no little man this time you’re on your ass it’s true oh yeah little man little man, little man a little man you’re a little man, little man a little man the best part of you was left on the sheet who you gonna please with that thing? yourself?
sonny and cher'in de pek hos ama tarihin sayfalari arasinda unutulmus bir parcasi vardir bu isimde. kim bilir yarin obur gun tarantino* bir filminde kullanir hatirlar insanlar tekrar... little man when you stand by my side then i know i don't have to hide from anyone and i pray that we'll stay just that way till the day comes along when we catch the sun [chorus:] little girl you're runnin' come catch my hand i'm near you little girl you're singin' come closer to me i hear you you're growin' old my mother's cold now you've learned what it meant to be mature there's no such place as make believe but when i look at your face i'm not so sure [chorus] you and me is what i see and that's the way it's gonna stay and it will always be so little man, please understand in this world with all its land you're all i see [chorus x2]
daha ilk gununde imdb'de en kotu 100 film kategorisinde 24uncu siraya girmis keenen ivory wayans filmi.
üstün başarısını(!) devam ettirerek 2.1 rating ile imdb'de 22.liğe yükselmiş film. işin garibi türk izleyiciler beyazperde.com sitesinde 6.9 vermişler bu filme.
hapisten yeni çıkan calvin* ortağı ile birlikte epey değerli bir elması çalar ancak peşlerindeki polislerden kurtulmak için onu bir kadının çantasının içine atar. 2 kafadarın planına göre elması geri almanın en iyi yolu kadının evine girmektir. bunun için ortağı, calvin'i çocuk kılığında sepetin içinde kapıya bırakır. "nasıl yani?!?!?" demeyin zira calvin'in boyu ancak 3-4 yaşındaki çocuklarınki kadar. kadının kocası zaten çocuk istediği için kapıya bırakılan bebeğin bakımını büyük bir istekle üstlenir. (bu arada filmimiz sosyal mesaj vermeyi de ihmal etmiyor; kariyer düşkünü olup da sonra çocuk yaparım diye düşünen kadınlara bunun ne kadar gereksiz olduğunu falan anlatmaya çalışıyor) calvin'in elması alma çalışmaları sürüyor film boyunca. sonrasını yazmıyorum spoyler olmasın diye; zira filmin heyecanını bozmak istemem sizin için. yok yok giden zamanıma da yanmıyorum, parama da; ne de olsa götürdüğüm ufaklıkların eğlenmesi yeterli idi benim için. ama yani...lan ben neyse bişey demiyorum... http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0430304/
maalesef (imdb bottom 100'da) 23.lüğe dü$mü$.. ailecek yastayız.. http://www.sonypictures.com/movies/littleman/
ne cok little man sarkisi varmis. aramaya inanmak lazim. tom waits'ten bir little man daha. dinlerken cocuk olup bi daha buyuyorsun sanki, babanin dizlerinin dibinde. sure as fire will burn there's one thing you will learn those things you have cherished are things that you have earned luck is when opportunity meets with preparation and the same is true for every generation little man as you climb upon my knee the whole future lies in thee little man little man never hurry, take it slow things worth while need time to grow little man don't look back there are things that might distract move ahead towards your goal and the answers will unfold little man love is always in the air it is there for those who care little man don't look back there are things that might distract move ahead towards your goal and the answers will unfold little man love is always in the air it is there for those who care little man little man little man little man
şu sıralar bütün otobüs firmalarının ağız birliği etmişcesine izlettirdikleri boktan film. şehirlerarası otobüs muavinleriin zevksizlikte de olsa bu derece bir standardizasyonu tutturabilmeleri takdire şayan. bu arada buradan nilüfer turizm'e selamlarımı sunuyorum.
ucuz bir komedi filmi. gerçi yönetmen koltuğunda keenen ivory wayans adını görünce daha da fazlası beklenmiyor. yine belden aşağı ve güldürmeyen esprilerle doldurulmuş bir film. bir de taş gibi bir sarışın abla vardı filmde.
fragmanıyla aldatan filmlerden sadece biri. allah kahır bela..
2006 çıkışlı pineapple thief albümüdür , işitsel bir şölendir.
grubun vokali bruce soord'un henüz birkaç aylıkken kaybettiği bebeği için yazdığı mükemmel pineapple thief albümü. track list'i de yazayım, tam olsun. 1. dead in the water (5:27) 2. god bless the child (4:45) 3. wilting violet (4:42) 4. wait (3:26) 5. run a mile (6:43) 6. little man (3:44) 7. november (6:51) 8. boxing day(3:58) 9. god bless the children (2:02) 10. snowdrops (5:59) 11. we love you (8:46) ayrıca albüme adını veren parçanın sözlerini de yazarsam hepten tam olacak gibime geliyor. little man you are the brother now i'd speak with you if only i knew how cuz' little man you are the brother now there was no warning sign the wounds won't heal in time there's nowhere we were gone without you, you know... in my dreams you have your mother's smile even though we touched for just a while all my life you'll have your mother's smile
pineapple thief'in progressive rock'ın doruklarında gezinen albümü. what we have sown'un gelişi bu albümden belliymiş; 1. "dead in the water" (5:27) 2. "god bless the child" (4:45) 3. "wilting violet" (4:42) 4. "wait" (3:26) 5. "run a mile" (6:43) 6. "little man" (3:44) 7. "november" (6:51) 8. "boxing day" (3:58) 9. "god bless the children" (2:02) 10. "snowdrops" (5:59) 11. "we love you" (8:46)
sia şarkısı. so naive, it helps me to breathe yor smile i keep on file you tickle me pink i love the way you think so when i'm feeling low i know i'm your greatest fan little man i'm endlessly proud of you in such a short time span you've filled my heart with joy as i grow older, you grow wiser watching my mistakes memorise where i've gone wrong if they fall way i'll stay with you but do as i say and not as do trust me and you'll see all i want is what is best for you little man yor head is full of dreams if only i could spend one day touring your imagination if i live longer you'll grow faster at recognising the traps that cause me such frustration if they fall way i'll stay with you but do as i say and not as i do trust me and you'll see all i want is what is best for you (x3) so naive, it helps me to breathe your smile i keep on file you tickle me pink i love the way you think so when i'm feeling low i know i'm your greatest fan
you can't imagine how much fun were having albümünden bi atmosphere romanı. dear jacob i won't take up too much of you time i know you're trying to get your video game-grind on and that's fine just gimme a second to empty my face before i hit the road again to go and win this paper chase i've been watching you man i'm proud of you man you're growing up to be the best man that you possibly can i know you understand why i go out of town i also know my days are colder when you're not around sometimes i wonder what it's like to be adapted to the fact that daddy never lived inside the same shack and sometimes i get this pain in my stomach's pit it's what i get i'm convinced it's my punishment for those nights i got drunk and let go at some bar in some city with some people i don't know for all the times that the lines on your face reminded me of the days before the dagonflies escaped it trips me out how you pick up all my traits from the way that you spit to the fists that you make i watch the way you try to keep your mom happy daddy learned that from you you're supposed to learn that from daddy i can't teach much when it comes to women i drive safe and slow but don't know nothing 'bout the engine you're doing good little man thats all i really meant i love you you're my best friend, thanks for listening dear craig what up bones? how it goes? yeah, me? well, you know, you know, same old, same old sorry that the phone calls ain't too routine just been runnin' around the globe tryin' to do my thing sometimes the weeks fly a little too fast and sometimes i go to sleep a little too trashed other times i'm not sittin' on enough cash and other times today feels too much like the past sometimes at night i would watch y'all fight a child wonderin' why your life just ain't alright? what's the violence about? why's it in my house? and even the memories are turned up too loud yeah, i got some issues in my head knew we should've started fixing 'em back when she left you i'm not trying to get you down, i know you're different now but your little man justs wants you to listen now i'm over thirty, can't maintain relations all these women wanna hurt me and i just don't have the patience i can't trust 'em and they're not much help when they start to push and pull the buttons i don't trust myself what pride, fists, and words just might do? i'm afraid of my fate, don't wanna turn out like you i've never hit a woman i won't do coke and for that alone i love you and i wanna thank you old man dear sean what's goin' on? not much to say just checkin' in wit'cha trying to see what's wrong today i know there's gotta be something kickin' your bruises how's the love? how's the music? how's the self-abusiveness? got a lot to lose, it's breakin' your shoulders so you let your paranoia place your bets for you too many cigarettes, messin' up your voice too many arguments, tryin' to test your poise the only women that love you are fans and family mom has no choice, but fans leave you randomly no heavy rotation in any location you're not ready to face that you have no steady vocation plus you're gettin' old, your raps are exhausted stop it, everybody knows that you've lost it singin' for these kids you don't know when you should be at home with your own instead you're on your telephone fightin' with your girl like it's you against the world another drunk hotel bedroom corner, curled up like a naked fetus come and save him jesus place him back in time before the reaganomics and adidas sometimes you're not impressed with the work you've done and love isn't love if you didn't hurt someone your son says, "hi dad." your dad says, "whats up?" and me, i wanna thank you, but i won't, i'll just say, "good luck
bir little dragon sarkisi. harika bir tycho remix'i var.
