ja ruleun da bir sarkisi
limp bizkitin bir sarkisi.
limp bizkit the chocolate starfish living it up this is dedicated to you ben stiller you are my favorite mother fucker i told you, didn’t i drama makes the world go around does anybody got a problem with that (yeah) my business, is my business who’s guilty, can i get a witness first things first, chocolate starfish my man fred durst access hollywood license to kill a redneck fucker from jacksonville bringing on the dumpster fuck a microphone machete’s in the back of my truck rock’in so steady with the he says she says and don’t forget about the starfish navigation system don’t hate me, i’m just an alien with 37 tons of new millenium dum ditty dum, where’s it coming from misses aguilera, come and get some oh no which way to go, to the dance flow in stewa-stereo pay me no mind i seen the fight club, about 28 times and i’m a keep my pants sagging keep a skateboard, a spray can for the taggin’ and i’m a keep a lot of girls on my band wagon cause i don’t give a fuck livin’ life in the fast lane i’m just a crazy mother fucker livin’ it up, not givin’ a fuck livin’ life in the fast lane another crazy mother fucker livin’ it up, not givin’ a fuck life in the fast lane take two (why) now who’s the starsucker? i’m the starfish, you silly mother fucker puff puff give, the marijuana cig oops, i don’t even smoke, but i love the way it smells here’s a toast to the females, sippin’ mums champagne from a seashell i take a counterfeit, and pop his ass like a zit with starfish navigation system no cheap thrills baby fill the briefcase with three dollar bills i’m just an ordinary run of the mill, fella spittin’ out hella mic skills and i’m a keep my pants sagging keep a skateboard, a spray can for the taggin’ and i’m a keep a lot of girls on my band wagon cause i don’t give a fuck livin’ life in the fast lane i’m just a crazy mother fucker livin’ it up, not givin’ a fuck livin’ life in the fast lane another crazy mother fucker livin’ it up, not givin’ a fuck in the fast lane cause it’s so easy to tell a lie and it’s so easy to run and hide but it’s not easy to be alive so don’t be wasting none of my time this world is like a cage and i don’t think it’s fair and i don’t even think that anybody cares it’ll eat a hole (what) down inside of me (what) and it will leave a scar (what) can anybody see (what) that we gotta get it out , gotta get it out we gotta get it out, we gotta get it out we gotta get it out, we gotta get it out and i’m a get it out with a mother fuckin’ microphone plug it in my soul i’m a renegade riot gettin’ out of control i’m a keepin’ it alive and continue to be flying like an eagle to my destiny so can you feel me, hell yeah can you feel me, hell yeah can you feel me, hell yeah if you feel me mother fucker then you say, hell yeah then you say, hell yeah then you say, hell yeah i’m livin’ life in the fast lane cause it’s so easy to tell a lie and it’s so easy to run and hide but it’s not easy to be alive so don’t be wasting none of my time yeah, bring it on i’m just a crazy mother fucker livin’ it up, not givin’ a fuck livin’ life in the fast lane another crazy mother fucker livin’ it up, not givin’ a fuck in the fast lane
(bkz: la grand vida)
sammy hagar ın 2006 albümü. tam aranan kan. bol bol dinlenesi coşulası bir albüm olmuştur. süper.. 1. sam i am 2. livin on a coastline 3. mexico 4. the way we live 5. i love this bar 6. one sip 7. rainy day women 8. halfway to memphis 9. sailin 10. let me take you there 11. someday bu arada orjinali livin' it up albümün isminin.
b1'de yer alan bir bora uzer şarkısı. (bkz: sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun) everything just feels so right but the fear just keeps on knockin and knockin it's been so long since i felt this way i can feel that with you the ice r melting every piece just fits so tight i'm so afraid of our hearts breakin breakin everyday we lose a little more time never get it back , it's only a dream i know whatz on ur mind u know whats on my mind how could we pass it up got just one chance c'mon i'm living it up i know whats on ur mind u know whats on my mind hard times have come and gone we've gone so long alone i'm living it up living for nothing but hopin for something all the stupid little games they had to go now that we know we just hold it so tight and we never wanna let it go oh no !! we both can feel that we can make it till the end but we've got 2 understand past is the past i know that we both need our space and time it's just so hard to understand cuz we're moving too fast when u touch me it feels like home again i did not c it coming baby it feels so natural 2 me mama especially all the world is hungry 4 lovin letz rise above hold my hand come on letz rise above come with me babe letz rise above hold my hand come on letz rise above come with me , come with me babe (bkz: copy paste değil , alın teri)
bora uzer'in living it up şarkısı bıkmadan, sıkılmadan sürekli dinlenilebilinir, nakaratı dile dolandımı gitmez, insanda sürekli dans etme istediği uyandırır.
