widowmaler grubunun stand by for pain albümündeki 2. şarkı sözleri : long gone söz ve müzik : snider/pitrelli now's the time see the writing on the wall life's a crime watch the axes as they fall tear the page let them know you've been around kick the cage turn it upside down it's gonna be long gone gonna be long gone away gonna be long gone gonna be long gone away walk your walk choose a path walked by the few save the talk show your point of view it's gonna be long gone gonna be long gone away gonna be long gone gonna be long gone away nothing you can do nothing anybody else can say gonna be long gone gonna be long gone gone away feet of clay never made a man stand tall seize the day be the writing on the wall (repeat chorus)
garip bi buyusu ve guzelliği olan syd barrett eseri. sırf kullanılan akorlarla minimal bi saykadeliklik yaratabilen syd dayı'nın "long gone, long, long gone.." kısmına yaptığı vurguyla amacına ulaştığını dusunuyorum. bi de şole bişey var (bkz: long gone day)
(bkz: long gone before daylight)
asil super furry animals dan gelir, fuzzy logic albümünden... sözler ise söyle; long gone there's no shadow where you stood long gone i would find you if i could long gone there's a distance far away long gone if i believed i would pray long gone
bryan adams'in reckless albumunden bir sarki. the telephone's bin ringin' ringin' off the wall it's your las vegas lawyer another long distance call he says you get the house and the car and i get the clothes i got on now she's gone long, long, long, long gone now i'm a happy boy she's long, long, long, long gone operator get me manhattan get my baby on the line sooner or later she's gotta realize that all my feelin's were for real but maybe she was leadin' me on she took the frigidair she got my favourite chair you could say she got the best of me it's like a legal crime but in a matter of time she'll be back for the rest of me
john frusciantenin bu şarkıyı konserinde kısa bir süre söylemişliği vardır
(bkz: long gone day) (bkz: mad season)
syd barrett'ın the madcap laughs albümünde 9. şarkı olarak yer alır. sözlerini kopipast eylemeden önce, güzelim sözlüğümüzde sonunda böyle bir şerefe erişebilmenin büyük mutluluğunu belirtmeden geçmeyeyim. yüce rabbime şükürler olsun... she was long gone, long, long gone she was gone, gone, the bigger they come the larger her hand 'till no one understands why for so long she'd been gone. and i stood very still by the window sill and i wondered for those i love still i cried in my mind where i stand behind the beauty of love's in her eyes... she was long gone, long, long gone she was gone, gone, the bigger they come the larger her hand 'till no one understands why for so long she'd been gone. and i borrowed the page from a leopard's cage and i prowled in the evening sun's glaze her head lifted high to the light in the sky the opening dawn on her face... she was long gone long, long gone she was gone, gone, the bigger they come the larger her hand 'till no one understands why for so long she'd been gone. and i stood very still by the window sill and i wondered for those i love still i cried in my mind where i stand behind the beauty of love's in her eyes... she was long gone long, long gone.
2009 şubatında çıkması beklenen yepyeni chris cornell albümünden dışarı sızan mükemmel ötesi şarkı. baby i used to watch your flowers grow now it's raining and all your petals turns to stone i've been praying i turn around and see my rose but you faded you left me now it's time to go you're like a diamond and i'm like glass like oil and water we always clash sometimes my confessions are hard for me i'll tell you now i'm setting you free that's why i'm long gone, long gone you need to let me fly alone that's why i'm long gone, long gone it may be to late our time is done baby i think you've got your timing wrong hating exploring this while we're riding on and it's crazy to think that i could be reborn if you saved me now it's to late and you'll never know you're like a diamond and i'm like glass like oil and water we always clash sometimes my confessions are hard for me i'll tell you now i'm setting you free that's why i'm long gone, long gone you need to let me fly alone that's why i'm long gone, long gone it may be to late our time is done with broken wings (with broken wings) i can't fly (i can't fly) i'm gonna need you to save me, angel of mine with broken wings (with broken wings) i can't fly (i can't fly) i'm gonna need you to save me, angel of mine that's why i'm long gone, long gone you need to let me fly alone that's why i'm long gone, long gone it may be to late our time is done you're like a diamond and i'm like glass like oil and water we always clash sometimes my confessions are hard for me i'll tell you now i'm setting you free
klibi de çekilmi$.
albüm versiyonunun yanında klibi rock versiyonuna çekilmiştir ki, rock versiyonu timbaland versiyonunu ezer geçer. müthiş ve özgün bir şarkı.
inanılmaz bir klibe sahip parça. cesar kuriyama adlı başarılı yönetmenin stop motion tekniği ile çektiği klipte nikon d200 dslr ile çekilmiş 45.000 i aşkın mükemmel fotograf kullanılmış. fat city reprise şarkısı ise görkemli klibinin yanında sönük kalmayacak kadar da güzel. klip için; http://vimeo.com/2416897
aynı zamanda csi miami onuncu sezon onuncu bölümünün adı.
