last temptation albumunden a$mi$ bitirmi$ alice cooper sarkisi. "sozleri nasi olmaz lan bunun sozlukte" dedirten $arki bi de. aha sozler: i can't get a girl cause i ain't got a car i can't get a car cause i ain't got a job oh, i can't get a job cause i ain't got a car so, i'm looking for a girl with a job and a car don't you know where you are? lost in america lost in america lost in america lost i got a mom but i ain't got a dad my dad's got a wife but she ain't my mom mom's looking for a man to be my dad but i want my mom and to be my real mom and dad is that so bad? oh, i think i've been had lost in america lost in america lost in america lost lost in america lost in america lost in america lost well, i live at the 7-11 well, i'm tryin' to play this guitar well, i'm learning "stairway to heaven" cause heaven's where you are i can't go to school cause i ain't got a gun i ain't got a gun cause i ain't got a job i ain't got a job cause i can't go to school so i'm looking for a girl with a gun and a job and a house with cable don't you know where you are? hey man, you're lost in america lost in america lost in america lost lost in america lost in america lost in america lost...
amerikan rüyası kavramıyla dalgasını geçen, amerikan tarzı yaşamın kısır döngüsünü ve çarpıklığını resmeden alice cooper parçası.
mr big. şarkısı. actual size albümünün açılış parçası.. gayet de güzeldir..
mr big şarkısı olanının sözleri şöyledir: silent voices close their minds and hide behind their secret gardens welcome to the age of rage and everybody's high on something run, see jack run with all the little piggies in a row they come, they go does anyone five a damn who i am or where i'm going i an your favorite some come undone lost in america suck your poison, throw your rhymes and wait for something bad to happen stand behind your middle finger cool to kill is still in fashion run, see jack run with all the little piggies in a row they come, they go does anyone give a damn who i am or where i 'm going i am your favorite son come undone lost in america here in the wasteland no one's as sane as everyone else and there'll be hell to pay one fine day
1990 yılında çıkmış pavlov's dog albümü. 01. lost in america (4:00) 02. a hardly innocent mind (4:49) 03. don´t rain on me (3:48) 04. not by my side (3:07) 05. pantomime (5:23) 06. breaking ice (4:34) 07. you & i (3:38) 08. all night (3:22) 09. as lovers do (4:48) 10. brown eyes (5:37)
