(bkz: bram stokers dracula)
ayrica soz konusu film'in* soundtrack'inde yer alan apoptygma berzerk parcasi...* love never dies, part 1 forever in your arms, you said, forever in my heart my love for you will make us both climb higher driven by the power that is burning in our hearts you know my faith in you will keep us together forever in your arms you said, forever in my heart my love for you will make us both climb higher i sense your presence in this room, i feel that you are near you hold me close and whisper, "love is forever" love is forever... love never dies... ---------- love never dies, part 2 don't leave me, don't walk away stay beside me for another day my love for you will never die don't leave me, don't go away stay near me for one more day you know my love will never die i will drown again into your arms tonight finally to close my eyes* and you to hold me tight i will drown again in your arms tonight finally to close my eyes forever in your arms
(bkz: tomorrow never dies)
tabii ki (bkz: aşka inanmak)
icinde bach ve carmina burana dan bolumler bulabileceginiz ebm in enjoy the silencesı.
the phantom of the opera'nın sequel'i olacak yeni andrew lloyd webber müzikali.
lansmanı 8 ekim 2009'da yapılan ve phantom'un the phantom of the opera'dan sonraki hikayesini anlatan müzikal. lansmanı izlendiğinde andrew lloyd webber'in yine döktürdüğü görülüyor.
--- spoiler --- and christine and the phantom gaze at one another for the first time in ten years. a long, lingering gaze. then: christine: i should have known that you'd be here. i should have known it all along. this whole arrangement bears your stamp. you're in each measure of that song. how dare you try and claim me now! how dare you come invade my life! phantom: oh, christine... my christine..! in that time when the world thought me dead, my christine, on the night just before you were wed ah, christine! you came and found where i hid, don't you deny that you did, that long ago night..! christine: (remembering) that night... phantom: once, there was a night, beneath a moonless sky, too dark to see a thing, too dark to even try. christine: i stole to your side. to tell you i must go. i couldn't see you face, but sensed you even so. and i touched you phantom: and i felt you christine & phantom: and i heard those ravishing refrains... christine: the music of your pulse phantom: the singing in your veins christine: and i held you phantom: and i touched you christine: and embraced you phantom: and i felt you christine & phantom: and with ev'ry breath and ev'ry sigh christine: i felt no longer scared... phantom i felt no longer shy... christine & phantom at last, our feelings bared beneath the moonless sky christine: and, blind in the dark, as soul gazed into soul, i looked into your heart, and saw you pure and whole. phantom: cloaked under the night, with nothing to suppress, a woman and a man, no more and yet... no less. and i kissed you christine: and caressed you phantom & christine: and the world around us fell away. we said things in the dark we never dared to say. phantom: and i caught you christine: and i kissed you phantom: and i took you christine: and caressed you phantom & christine: with a need too urgent to deny. and nothing mattered then, except for you and i, again and then again, beneath the moonless sky. phantom: and when it was done, before the sun could rise, ashamed of what i was, afraid to see your eyes, i stood while you slept, and whispered a good bye. and slipped into the dark beneath the moonless sky. christine: and i loved you. yes, i loved you! i'd have followed anywhere you led. i woke to swear my love, and found you gone instead. phantom: and i loved you! christine: oh, i loved you! phantom: and i left you! christine: how i loved you! phantom: and i had to... both of us knew why... christine: we both knew why... phantom & christine: and yet i won't regret, from now until i die, the night i can't forget beneath the moonless sky. phnatom: and now? christine: how can you talk of now? for us (she breaks off) there is no now. --- spoiler ---
aynı zamanda bir ghost whisperer bölümü.
müzikali broadway'de sahnede izleyemeyenler için sidney prodüksiyonunun dvd'si 8 şubat 2011'de raflardaki yerini alacakmış.
(bkz: #27369299)
the phantom of the opera'yı broadway''de izledikten sonra bunu da internetten izledim. tabiki de inanılmaz güzel, keşke canlı canlı izleyebilseydim bunu da. müziklerde harikalar yaratmışlar gene.
the phantom of the opera'nın sequel'i olan andrew lloyd webber müzikali. bu müzikali ilk olarak sierrra bogges ve ramin karimloo'nun başrolde oynadığı ilk prodüksiyonun müzik cd'sinden dinlemiştim. melbourne performansını ise blu-ray'dan izledim. the phantom of the opera'yı seyrederken christine'in nasıl olup da phantom gibi tutkulu bir aşık yerine raoul gibi bir çocuğu seçtiğini hiç anlayamazdım. oysa ki love never dies'da aslında christine'in phantom'a olan tutkusunu ve bu tutkunun, phantom'un görünüşünden utanmadığı, christine'in ise phantom'dan korkmadığı "aysız bir gece"de nelere yol açtığını görüyoruz. biliyorum ki phantom ile chrtistine'in aşkının bu kadar tutkulu olmasının asıl sebebi imkansız olması, ancak yine de sonunun bu kadar kötü bitmesini istemezdim. ben hayalimde bir şekilde onları sonsuza kadar birleştirmiştim çünkü. müzikler ise her andrew lloyd webber müzikalinde olduğu gibi olağanüstü. ancak yine de bana öyle geliyor ki andrew lloyd webber kendini phantom'un yerine koyuyor ve bu nedenle yüreğindeki en derin arzuları bu iki müzikalde tüm çıplaklığıyla müziğine yansıtıyor.
