türkçede tam olarak kara sevda tamlamasına karşılık gelmektedir. "aşk hastalığı" benzeri çeviriler yalan dolan hep.
diabolic angel albümünde yer alan bloodflowerz şarkısı.
moonspell i fell a deadly knife inside my hand a bloody trace is drying in the sand too late it's all fate a victim of the wounded night i fade 'cause i am loosing my last fight all starts and ends in one fateful kiss when we once touch what we ever miss our endless quest has just begun [chorus:] love me to death and i love you more take my last breath, it's a touch to the core love me to death and i love you more 'cause love is the reason we die for moonspell a broken shell stranded by the deep black sea creeping fear gets deeper inside of me my blood in the flood stains the raging ocean red when the dawn is rising i'll be dead all starts, all ends in this fateful kiss when we once touch what we ever miss our endless quest has just begun [chorus:] love me to death and i love you more take my last breath, it's a touch to the core love me to death and i love you more 'cause love is the reason we die for love me to death, love me more the poison of my pain is running through my veins the moon drives me insane and i fall again love me to death, love me more
(bkz: homesick)
lovesick. 2005. cirque du soleil'in zumanity şovundaki bir kaç performansçının, şova katılmalarından itibaren başlarına gelenlerin melodrama benzetilmiş olarak sunuldugu belgesel. pek ateşsiz. bbg havasında. karakterler tipik, klişe. şov seksiymiş ama belgelerken mtv dating kadar ruha dokunmuşlar. pek acıklı da olamamış. farklı bünyelerin taşıdıgı bir iki meme ve göt var. üzücü. başarısız.
friendly fires in degi$ik zipir bir $arkisi, sozleri de $oyle.. don't you know sometimes these things they don't work out? best to walk away before your love runs out don't you feel sometimes you don't know who you are giving all you got but you all just .. i'm lovesick cold hearts, hold the world in your hands got me feeling lovesick, in your arms don't you feel sometimes you might need this just too much when everybody else thinks you're out of touch? don't you think it's about time you turn the page and move on? and learn to shake it up before your love runs out
lindstrom & christabelle'in mükemmel bi şarkısı. sözlerini bulamadım. (bkz: hans peter lindstrom)
durduk yerde amima koymus olan bir a fine frenzy sarkisi (one cell in the sea albumunun bonus tracki); sweet as a fox calm in a crowd good with a spotlight she is out, out to be yours i am a detail minor detail, so it seems planting the seeds of doubt in your mind she's playing for keeps, but so am i i'm fighting for keeping us together i need to believe you love sick, only you can fix it i need you i need you to stay yeah, yeah you say she's a friend no friend of mine i've never been called the jealous kind but i've got a cause cos i am a detail minor detail, oh no and you are the prize she's aiming to win i'm failing to see where i fit in cos there isn't room for three in two now is there darling, listen i need to believe you love sick only you can fix it i need you i need you to stay the panic's distracted love sick only you can fix it i need you i need you to stay yeah, yeah bang bang bang bang and walls are falling, falling, falling bang bang b-bang to the dusty road bang bang bang bang and she keeps on calling, calling, calling bang bang bang headaches, make her go cos i need to believe you love sick, only you can fix it i need you i need you to stay yeah, yeah the panic's distracted love sick, only you can fix it i need you, i need you to stay yeah, yeah
aynı zamanda royal pains ikinci sezon ikinci bölümünün adı.
matt leblanc'ın üzerinde çalıştığı yeni filmi. heyecanla bekliyoruz.
friendly fiers'a ait olanı dinleyenlerini indigo'ya götüren şarkı.
29.09.12 tarihinde saat 3.30 sularında hakkında entry girenlerin bugün ne giysem izlediğini düşündüğüm şarkı, az önce program esnasında çaldı da.
