bir ihtimale gore deftonesin 4. albumunun adi olucak.
david gray'in the eps 92 94 adli albumunden bir $arki. sozleri: we are lovers girl me and you white faced lovers girl you know that its true we got through the winter time 'till the spring sun starts to grow i'm your white faced lover girl oh, don't you know you're so warm with me i never feel the cold what have you done with me? i've never felt so old we got through the orange summer stood and watched the red leaves fall maybe by next summer time we'll have forgotten it all we are lovers girl me and you small faced lovers girl you know that its true we get through the orange summer stand and watch the gray leaf fall maybe by next summer time we'll have forgotten it all maybe by next summer time we'll have forgotten it all
cok daha sert bir soundla döneceklermiş bu albümde, chi cheng öyle buyurmuş en azından.
kasım ayında çıkması beklenen, ancak henüz bir ses gelmeyen albüm.
white pony ile erotikleşen grup, tekrar adrenaline tadına dönmüştür, amnisty sanırım single olacaktır.
abba'nin voulez vous albumunun 9. $arkisi. tam adi "lovers (live a little longer)" dir. sit down and listen 'cause i've got good news for you it was in the papers today some physician had made a discovery this is what she had to say (oooh you know that) she said that every result she had backed her claiming that love's a longevity factor so lovers live a little longer, baby you and me, we got a chance to live twice lovers live a little longer, ain't that nice lovers live a little longer, baby what a feeling when i hold you tight lovers live a little longer, yeah i can imagine, i see in my fantasy i'll enjoy every day makin' love is a dynamite drug, baby so why don't we start right away (ahh, please don't wait) i don't care if they're watching 'cause listen we've got a reason for each time we're kissing 'cause lovers live a little longer, baby you and me, we got a chance to live twice lovers live a little longer, ain't that nice lovers live a little longer, baby what a feeling when i hold you tight lovers live a little longer, yeah i just don't care if they're watching 'cause listen we've got a reason for each time we're kissing 'cause lovers live a little longer, baby you and me, we got a chance to live twice lovers live a little longer, ain't that nice lovers live a little longer, baby what a feeling when i hold you tight lovers live a little longer, yeah lovers live a little longer, baby you and me, we got a chance to live twice lovers live a little longer, yeah
(bkz: lover you should have come over)
deftones'un 4. albümünün adı olacakken bundan vazgeçilmiştir, iyi de yapılmıştır. keşke kapağındaki güllerden, abuk şekilli kuru kafadan da vazgeçselermiş. 4. albüm için; (bkz: deftones)
the tearsin here come the tears albümünden çıkan ikinci singlei. b sidelari listelemek gerekirse; (bkz: song for the migrant worker) (bkz: low-life) (bkz: the primitive) (bkz: because you're worthless)
here come the tears albumunden bir the tears parcasi sozleri: she shivers in the rain it's the capital connected with her veins stepping under statues and on trains till we are undercovers she giggles like a child with no sign of all the tension in her life it's written on a t-shirt and it writes that there is no other 'cause we are the lovers we are the lovers we're different colours but we stand up as one we are the lovers we are the lovers two different colours but we stand up as one all the silly things we do just remind me of the flippancy of youth kissing under statues throwing food and getting into trouble she shivers in the cold it's the capital connected with her bones jumping into taxis here we go ¿? no other 'cause we are the lovers we are the lovers we're different colours but we stand up as one we are the lovers we are the lovers two different colours but we stand up as one 'cause we are the lovers we are the lovers we're different colours but we stand up as one we are the lovers we are the lovers two different colours but we stand up as one
bir babyface $arkisi. sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun: let's take our time and concentrate the mood is right for living, ooh i can't wait i've waited so long to be with you this special way don't be afraid, afraid to stay and share your love with me this way i understand baby it's your very first time i'll be gentle with you baby, it's gonna be alright and so if we're gonna be together tonight i'll be good to you baby, sweet to you lady guess what we're gonna be tonight lovers baby, let me be your lover lovers let me be the only one lovers baby let me be your lover lovers let me be the one don't let your thoughts get in the way the time is right for love, it's not too late the feeling's so strong to be as one this special way just take my hand, i'll lead the way i need you so much, baby won't you stay i understand baby it's your very first time i'll be gentle with you baby, it's gonna be alright and so if we're gonna be together tonight i'll be good to you baby, sweet to you lady guess what we're gonna be tonight hook hook hook 3 times i wanna hold you i wanna touch you i wanna squeeze you i'll never tease you hold you tight all through the night i'm gonna make you feel alright lovers
en başarılı magritte tablolarından biri. http://interiors.intendo.net/magritte/lovers.jpg
kathleen battle tarafindan seslendirilmi$ house of flying daggers film muzigi. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun; there was a field in my old town where we always played hand in hand the wind was gently touching the grass we were so young so fearless then i dreamt over and over of you holding me tight under the stars i made a promise to my dear lord i will love you forever time has passed so much has changed but the field remains in my heart oh where are you? i need to tell you i still love you so i reach out for you you fly around me like a butterfly your voice still echoes in my heart you are my true love there was a field in my old town where in spring all flowers blossomed wide we were chasing butterflies hand in hand 'till close of day your voice still echoes in my heart
bir adet the runaways şarkısı. i want something bad and nice - hot love i want it nice from paradise - your love all night long i'm chasing fast - true love make me scream, make it fast we lovers never say goodbye we lovers never die we stop and go so quietly cold lovers fade away i'm the one for you you know what i say is true i won't cry to tell you why i know that you love me too you do a 1, 2, 3, 4 oh yeah come on now i want a kiss wet and real - strong love i wanna tell you how i feel - right now all night long it rained and rained - my love make me scream hey what's your name? we lovers never say goodbye we lovers never die we stop and go so quietly cold lovers fade away
az önce ilk kez sourberry'de barnacle şarkılarını dinleyerek haberdar olduğum duygusal yoğunluklu ve karmaşıklık temalı bir grup. portland'lı lovers, carolyn berk, kerby ferris ve emily kingan'dan oluşuyor. tarzları da electro, lirik, pop. http://www.loversarelovers.com/ http://www.myspace.com/loverstheband http://www.facebook.com/pages/lovers/69708633343
"lovers don't finally meet somewhere, they're in each other all along." mevlana
"shi mian mai fu" filminin finalinde çalan şarkı. gerçi filmde iki şekilde mevcut: biri enstrümantal, diğeri kathleen battle yorumuyla. iki hâli de güzel, ama finalde çalan sözlü hâli daha bir güzel.
