bir deep purple parçası. sözleri: you can walk through fire make the north wind blow squeeze and tease me honey when you shake your body you move my soul oh yeah let me be your lover won't you let me be your child take me through your universe y'know that when you smile you drive me wild get me sick and all love child - driving me wild love child - always teasing me you can ride your pony day dream in fairy tales all i know is i need more when i see you dance the seven veils
(bkz: lovechild)
bunun bir baska ah dedirteni icin bakiniz andrew wood
deep purple'ın 1975 çalışması come taste the band albümünde bulunan güzel bir şarkıdır. david coverdale'in güzel sesi ve tommy bolin'in gitarı ile kulaklarınıza gelir.
diana ross ve the supremes $arkisi. insani hem huzunlendiren hem co$turan $arkilardan biridir. 1968'de motown plak $irketi tarafindan cikarilmi$tir. the beatles 'in hey jude unu tahtindan edip 2 hafta boyunca 1 numarada kalmi$ bir $arkidir. en onemli ozelligiyse 60 larin tutucu amerikasinda evlilik di$i dogan bir cocugun hikayesini anlatmasidir. sozleri $oyledir: you think that i dont feel love but what i feel for you is real love in others eyes i see reflected a hurt, scorned, rejected love child, never meant to be love child, born in poverty love child, never meant to be love child, take a look at me i started my life in an old, cold run down tenement slum my father left, he never even married mom i shared the guilt my mama knew so afraid that others knew i had no name this love were contemplating is worth the pain of waiting well only end up hating the child we maybe creating love child, never meant to be love child, (scorned by) society love child, always second best love child, different from the rest mm, baby (hold on, hold on, just a little bit) mm, baby (hold on, hold on, just a little bit) i started school, in a worn, torn, dress that somebody threw out i knew the way it felt, to always live in doubt to be without the simple things so afraid my friends would see the guilt in me dont think that i dont need you dont think i dont wanna please you no child of mine ll be bearing the name of shame ive been wearing love child, love child, never quite as good afraid, ashamed, misunderstood but ill always love you ill always love you ill always love you..... bonus: burdan da dinleyebilirsiniz. http://youtube.com/watch?v=e2dychysnsq
accept in balls to the wall albümünden güzide bir şarkıdır. everyone is telling me that he was born as a love child by looking in his eyes something turned me lose in his hot nights feeling the power of lost when the guy's passing by wrecking one's brain and i'm going insane don't know why i can feel your sex winding up the girl in the red dress and my brain is gone, what is going on, i'm burning inside feeling the power of lost when the guy's passing by wrecking one's brain and i'm going insane don't know why a love child, running wild a love child a love child, running wild a love child - love child i gotta tell myself that he was born as a love child and the story of his way should not make me stay in the hot night feeling the power of lost when the guy's passing by wrecking one's brain and i'm going insane don't know why a love child, running wild a love child a love child, running wild a love child - love child don't know what i am a woman or a man many troubles behind me i'm doing all i can but i'm what i am leave me alone - don't mistreat me feeling the power of lost when the guy's passing by wrecking one's brain and i'm going insane don't know why a love child, running wild a love child
janet jackson'ın you want this şarkısında sample'ladığı nefis diana ross & the supremes şarkısı.
