darren emerson'in global underground 015 uruguay setinin 1. cd'sinin introsunda bulunan sarki.
(bkz: still loving you)
(bkz: şıpsevdi)
insanı eritme kabiliyeti olan süper ötesi* şarkı.. dinlenilen her anda ayrı ayrı güzel düşüncelere sürükleyebilitesi olan şarkı (bkz: hastasıyım)
aynı şarkıyı arka arkaya 30-40 defa arka arkaya dinlemeninde imkansız olmadıgını bana kanıtlayan sarkı
elvis presley de soylemistir bu parcayi
aşık insanı iyice aşk delisi yapan,sevgiliyle bol bol dinlenesi sirin sarki
(bkz: kissing you)
jennifer lopezin this i me then albümünden bir şarkı.
shanice'in de söylediği bir parçadır bu. insanı aşk hastası eden, duygu denizine atan ve sevdiceği düşündüren gayet güzel bir slow parçadır. radyolarda özellikle 14 subat sevgililer gunu'nde en çok istenen şarkılardan biridir.
(bkz: i want to spend my lifetime loving you)
müziğiyle bebeklerin başucunda bulunan çıngırakları hatırlatan, dinlerken gözlerimin önüne hep ayaklarıyla o çıngırağa dokunmaya çalışan ufacık bi bebeği ve ona mutluluktan gözleri dolarak bakan birbirine aşık bir karı-kocayı getiren, hayallerime tüm güzelliğiyle eşlik eden mükemmel şarkı.
bir stryper şarkısı.
insan hayatındaki en kısa '3 dk 20 sn' lerden biri.
kendine küfrettirecek kadar şirin olan bir parçadır bu. japon menşeyli kalemkutularının üstündeki ne idüğü belirsiz yuvarlak hatlı yavru hayvan resimleri gibi. (fonda bülbül sesleri var be?)
smurf & perry'nin şahane parçası.binbir şekilde mixi yapılmıştır ama orjinalindaki vokallerin çekilip piyano solosu girişi, akabinde funky jazz kıvamı. 2005 yaz parçam.
kapağı açıldığında müzik çalan küçük kutulardan çıkmıs bir parça. siz kapatıp gözlerinizi dinlerken, etrafta minicik periler uçusur. aynı hisleri tattıran bir diğer melodi için (bkz: bizarre love triangle)
paolo nutini nin çok hoş bir şarkısı.. back off loneliness, and hello tenderness i’ve been waiting for your call for so long it must’ve been hard just to follow your soul to stick to the road that your heart wants you to go and as you slide through the door with your morals on your sleeve i think it's time for all those morals to leave so let’s get down and freaky baby let’s get restless baby, come on get crazy with me. and i said when you’re loving me, i’m loving you and i love the prowess in the things that you do and it’s your flawless soul that bleeds my stone when you’re loving me, i’m loving you and that’s when we’ve got it goin' on. so many people think we’ve got it wrong they all try to break us but we won’t play along so let’s get down and dirty baby let’s get restless baby, come on get crazy with me. and i said when you’re loving me, i’m loving you i love the prowess in the things that you do and it’s your flawless soul that bleeds my stone when you’re loving me, i’m loving you and that’s when we’ve got it goin' on, oh goin’ on. i was so stranded i was lost and abandoned i needed another home you flew in my arms, you just flew right into my arms. when you’re loving me, i’m loving you i love the prowess in all the things that you do and it’s your flawless soul that bleeds my stone and when you’re loving me, i’m loving you and that’s when we’ve got it goin' on. when you’re loving me, i’m loving you and i love the prowess in all the things that you do and it’s your flawless soul that bleeds my stone when you’re loving me, i’m loving you and that’s when we’ve got it goin' on. on and on on and on it’s your flawless soul that bleeds my stone when you’re loving me, i’m loving you and that’s when we’ve got it goin' on.
negative in çok güzel bi şarkısı sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun you are the one who makes me feel like my life have a meaning it's hard to tell you that i care and all i want is that you kiss me one more time before i die i know it's early but tomorrow i fear it's too late oh please don't say that it's not ok ' cause it's not fair for me, loving you so i live only for you i hope someday you feel the same way too this life is hurting we both know that still all i want is....
http://fizy.com/s/10ks62 adresinden dinlenebilir.
insanda paolo nutini şarkısı tadı bırakan bir joey ryan şarkısı. ayrıca kendisine one tree hill'in 5. sezonunda denk gelebilirsiniz. sözleri ise şöyledir bu şarkının; i wasn’t looking when i fell in you a welcome surprise in your eyes love that’s true you’re stealing the world right out from under me arrows from your mind are making my heart bleed loving you i’ll do my best to lighten your load make you feel better than you’ve ever known sing you a love song nobody knows you think you’ve tried love i’ll give you more i had it all wrong i thought that i was strong enough i thought that i knew just what i’d do with love then you shattered it all you made me fall in love again since you’ve been around i can’t come down i can’t come down from loving you i’ll do my best to lighten your load make you feel better than you’ve ever known sing you a love song nobody knows you think you’ve tried love i’ll give you more i’ll do my best to lighten your load make you feel better than you’ve ever known sing you a love song that nobody knows you think you’ve tried love my love the look in your eyes drives me crazy my love i can’t hardly control myself the scent of your skin and the love that i’m in got me running in circles all over again <http://fizy.com/#s/1k3ty0>
kingdom come'dan enfes bir slow şarkı. sözleri: another day has come it's such a heavy load another day has come another wave of sadness another touch of madness another wave has come a lot words of comfort but they're just words not answers don't wanna sleep alone another day, another war another night, another star and through it all i'm lovin' you, lovin' you, lovin' you another town, another face another wine, another taste and through it all i'm lovin' you, lovin' you, lovin' you it seems my life i'm spending along this road unending another day has gone i guess there's still tomorrow to kill the seeds of sorrow and then the war is won http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ir6jx2auqvy
minnie riperton gibi kimsenin söyleyemeyeceği şarkı. insanın ruhunu bedeninden ayırıp bulutların üzerinde gezintiye çıkarır. hayatta ne kadar huzur bulunan mutlu olunan an varsa konsantre bir şekilde 3 dk 20 sn tekrar yaşatır ve hiçbir zaman tek dinlemeyle kapatılmaz.
