para tuzagidir ama olsun bana koymaz..almisim 2 cd lik paketini ne karta para verir miyim..ama kanka mode on olomuyor bu durumda kartlara her aman ihtiyac var yani...kartlar icin tavla misali sozler de uretmek lazim ki oyunu oynarken her darbede extra bir cossun karsi taraf eglenilsin biraz..turkcesi cikiyor yakinda piyasaya duyrulur.
panda'nin dondurmasi. yedim bi kere. ortalama. algida her zaman rewlz.(bkz: algida)
(bkz: orlando magic)
(bkz: sorcery) (bkz: magus) (bkz: magi) (bkz: maji) (bkz: buyu) (bkz: magic the gathering)
hokkabazlık & attraksiyon sever fizik hocasının sorabileceği, "peki bardaktaki su ters çevrilince neden dökülmedi" tarzındaki sorulara verilebilecek cevap
ing. sihir, büyü
intergalactick wickedary adlı kitapta; doğa üstü güç elde etmek için kullanılan, kronlar tarafından bilinen sözlü, ritimli ya da yazılı kelimeler grubu olarak adlandırılır. ayrıca webster sözlüğünde büyü; büyülenme hali, güçlü bir zorlayıcı etki ya da çekicilik olarak tanımlanır.
(bkz: magic johnson)
buyu anlamina gelen bu ingilizce sozcuk, bir cok sarkida kullanilarak dinleyiciler buyulenmistir. duran duran - come undone words, playing me deja vu like a radio tune i swear i've heard before chill, is it something real or the magic i'm feeding off your fingers roxette - listen to your heart the scent of magic, the beauty that's been when love was wilder than the wind. platters - only you when you hold my hand i understand the magic that you do you're my dream come true my one and only you scorpions - wind of change take me to the magic of the moment on a glory night where the children of tomorrow dream away in the wind of change carole king - will you still love me tomorrow is this a lasting treasure? or just a moment's pleasure? can i, can i believe the magic of your sigh? will you still love me tomorrow?
1997 çıkışlı axel rudi pell'in harika albümü: axel rudi pell - guitars jeff scott soto - vocals jörg michael - drums volker krawczak - bass christian wolff - keys swap castle overture (intro) nightmare playing with fire magic turned to stone the clown is dead prisoners of the sea light in the sky the eye's of the lost
axel rudi pell'in "magic" albümüne ismini veren harika parçası: magic somewhere in the distance, was a place you can't describe, all people lived in anger, they thought it wasn't right, they called it tragedy all fools, they disappeared, they were lost and never seen, sometimes you hear the screams of the souls of the undead in the midnight hour don't walk alone, hide your skin and your bones, beware of all dark in the night it's magic, it's magic, burning symbols on the wall, it's magic, they searched for you, they search for all living for today, 'cause tomorrow never comes, oh lord, they have to pray, that no evil's coming out of the rotten swamp at the houses of the holy, they tried to break the walls, their whispered dream to turn the key, an evil laugh and they knew, they will be restrained.....
mecik diye okunur ve macig seklinde bir versiyonu da vardir.
diablo'da manayi, kitap okuyabilme kabiliyetinizi ve bazen attiginiz buyulerin damage'ini etkileyen stat. sorceror'lar icin birinci stat'tir.
diablo'da magic'e +1 ile +5 arasinda bi sayi veren suffix. allah allah
(bkz: magic mountain)
king'in the puppet master albümünden bir parça.
difficult to cure albümünde yer alan harika rainbow parçası... süper süper... there's a light in the sky that hangs on the edge of illusion something very fine but it's something you know is there mystery of time hidden by a man of confusion but the hand is quicker than the eye only the stranger knows why 'cos it's magic you know it's magic that you'll find you see it's magic i know who you are there's magic in you keep your eye on the man and don't look away for a moment how is it done how does he make me see something up his sleeve when he speaks you want to believe him but the hand is quicker than the eye only stranger knows why 'cos it's magic can't you see it's magic that you'll find you know it's magic i know who you are 'cos there's magic in you driven by a force moving in another dimension here for today, gone for eternity seeking for truth hidden by the word of his wisdom but the hand is quicker than the eye only the stranger knows why can't you feel it's magic you know it's magic that you'll find i said it's magic i know who you are 'cos there's magic in you
king diamond'ın (şimdilik) son albümü olan puppet master'ın en baba parçası. in the darkness...after the show outside the theater, the air is damp and cold all the people.. heading for home they don't believe, that what they saw was magic oh..it was magic i know this night was full of it, i never saw the undertow...no never saw the evil, never saw the evil i never saw the evil down below "i will never forget that night" i saw the magic in your eyes we will never forget that night we saw the magic in each other's eyes [solo: andy] in the darkness.. after the show outside the theater, the air is damp and cold all the people.. they are gone just you and me, and we believe in magic oh.. it was magic i know talking the night away, the things we like are all the same wanna get to know her, wanna get to know her i gotta get to know her deep down inside [solo: mike] suddenly i feel so cold...it feels as if a ghost is next to me cold breath in my ear, as it whispers: "kiss her now" oh.. it was magic i know that kiss one year ago, a magic seal of our eternal love tonight she went to the theater alone but she never came home and i gotta find her now "i will never forget that night" i saw the magic in your eyes we will never forget that night we saw the magic in each other's eyes "i will never forget that night" i saw the magic in your eyes we will never forget that night we saw the magic in each other's eyes
(bkz: magic vlsi layout tool)
bazı kimselerin dişlerinin arasında sakladığı bir şeydir bu. konuşurlar gülersin, konuşmazlar eskiden konuştuklarını hatırlayıp yine gülersin, sonra gülemeyeceğin şeyler bile söyleseler mucize yerini bulmuştur çoktan.
billy cobhamin, cbs için yaptığı beş albümden birisi. 1977 çıkışlı bu albüm, cbs ile billy cobham arasindaki anlaşmazlk yüzünden uzun suredir basılmıyormuş. şu sıralar sony music etiketiyle* ile yeniden dinleyiciyle buluşuyor. umarız diğer dördü de yakında müzik marketlerdeki yerini alir.
bir enerji icecegi markasi.
(bkz: i was made to love magic)
king diamond'un inanılmaz gaz bir riff'le başlayan şarkısı. biraz night crawler'ı andırıyor sanki. ayrıca; (bkz: akillarda yer eden sarki introlari)
altunizade'de faaliyet gösteren güzellik salonu.
"magic - file command's magic number file" "şeklinde tanımlanan sihirli unix sayisi. file komutu, diger bir cok testin disinda, dosyanin ilk satirinda sihirli sayi olup olmadigina bakarak dosyanin türünü anlamaya calisir."
nick drake'in gol uzerinde yayilan dalgalar gibi gozyaslarimizin suzulmesini saglayan sarkisi. anlasilamamayi anlayanlar ve safligi ozleyenler icin belki de cok ozel bir sarki.* i was born to love no one no one to love me only the wind in the long green grass the frost in a broken tree. i was made to love magic all its wonder to know but you all lost that magic many many years ago. i was born to use my eyes dream with the sun and the skies to float away in a lifelong song in the mist where melody flies. i was made to love magic... i was born to sail away into a land of forever not to be tied to an old stone grave in your land of never. i was made to love magic...
joe lynn turner'ın sesinin dinleyiciyi büyülediği hoş bir rainbow şarkısı. ooooooooooo... oooooooooo.... ooooooooooooo....
nick drake'in yaylilarin uzerine soyledigi, kendisinin izole, sakin ve gizemli havasinin her saniyesine sinmis oldugu sarkisi.
nick drake'in "but you all lost that magic many many years ago..." deyişi insanı kendinden alan* parçası.. the mill on the floss'u okuyanlar bilir, hah işte orada çalıyor sanki şarkı, öyle bir hüzün, öyle bir soft..
harika bir pilot şarkısı. sözleri: ho, ho, ho it's magic, you know never believe it's not so it's magic, you know never believe, it's not so never been awake never seen a day break leaning on my pillow in the morning lazy day in bed music in my head crazy music playing in the morning light ho, ho, ho it's magic, you know never believe it's not so it's magic, you know never believe, it's not so i love my sunny day dream of far away dreaming on my pillow in the morning never been awake never seen a day break leaning on my pillow in the morning light ho, ho, ho it's magic, you know never believe it's not so it's magic, you know never believe, it's not so ho, ho, ho it's magic, you know never believe it's not so it's magic, you know never believe, it's not so
(bkz: böyle bir yazar aslinda yok)
bruce springsteen'in 2 ekim'de piyasaya surdugu albumun adi. eskiye oranla daha bir pop havasindadir. uzgunum ama gunumuzun agactan dokulen yaprak misali cok country pop sanatcilarina ozenmek icin kotu bir zaman secmis kendileri. albumun incelemesi ve 2 ornek parca icin: http://proodos.blogspot.com/…n-magic-sony-2007.html
2 ekimde çıkmasına rağmen ancak 9 gün sonra yani 11 ekimde alabildiğim yepyeni patron albümü. bu gecikme nedeniyle kendisinden özür diliyorum ama pek yoğundum:) gelelim ilk izlenimlere; albüm açılışıyla pek de bomba gibi girmiyor kulaklara ama dinledikçe bruce babanınm yine yapacağını yaptığını anlıyoruz. misal 2. şarkı you'll be coming down pop bir sounda sahip olsa da eski sounduna çok yakın, ama vokallerde bir gariplik söz konusu ve bu değişik vokal tüm albüme yayılmış durumda. ses sanki daha bas ve bruce değil gibi. anlatamıyorum derdimi, dinledikçe anlayacaksınız. 3. şarkı livin' in the future, eskilerden hungry heart'ı hatırlatıyor. başka şaekılar da yine eski sounda yakın. ben beğendim ama beklediğim bir yeni baş yapıt olduğu için çok da 5 yıldız verilecek bir albüm değil diyorum nacizane. yine de patondan yine sıkı bir albüm. seviyorum seni be patron....
we shall pvercome the seeger sessions sonrasi patronun kendi sarkilari ile yaptigi ilk album. ilk single radio nowhere'i duydugunuzda anliyorsunuz bir tur the rising reloaded. yine yagmur camur demeden amerika'nin kotu cocuklarinin pesinden gidiyoruz.
kaliteli bir yazılabilir dvd markası. dvd-r seçen xbox ta test edilmiştir. bikaç sene önce yazdığım dvdleri okumada şu ana kadar sorun çıkmadı. şu ana kadar bir sorun yaşatmamıştır, hala daha magic alırım.
springsteen'in aynı adlı albümünden : i got a coin in my palm i can make it disappear i got a card up my sleeve name it and i’ll pull it out your ear i got a rabbit in my hat if you wanna come and see this is what we’ll be this is what we’ll be i got shackles on my wrists soon i’ll slip and i’ll be gone chain me in a box in the river and rising in the sun trust none of what you hear and less of what you see this is what we’ll be this is what we’ll be i got a shiny saw blade all i need’s a volunteer i’ll cut you in half while your smilin’ at me and the freedom that your songs drifting like a ghost amongst the trees this is what we’ll be this is what we’ll be now there’s a fire down below but it’s coming up here so leave everything you know carry only what you feel on the road the sun is sinkin’ low sombody’s hanging in the trees this is what we’ll be this is what we’ll be
bruce springsteen nam-ı diğer paronun son stüdyo albümünün adı. senenin en iyi albümlerinden biri olup patronla eski günlere gitmek isteyenlere şiddetle tavsiye edeceğim bir albümdür. avrupa turnesine ünlü grubu e-street band ile bu hafta başı başladı, ne yazık ki turne programında ülkemiz yer almamakta.
bruce springsteen'in son albümünün adı. albüm springsteen ruhunu sevenler için neredeyse born in the usa tadinda ve gayet keyiflidir. (bkz: e street band) cikis parcasi radio nowhere ise tam bir yol sarkisidir
robin thicke'nin şarkısı. "i got it you got it we got the magic girl" dizesi samsung u900 cep telefonu reklamında da duyulabilir. hey… wooo… alright baby…. ohhh… oh…. yeah… i can make the pain disappear and i can erase the past ohh i can make the future shine so bright and i can make right now alright yeah i got it you got it we got the magic girl i got it you got it we got the magic girl i got it you got it we got the magic girl i got it you got it we got the magic girl all i got is concrete all around me wooo… but i can see the countryside you can be rich when you’re poor poor when you’re rich it can be raining and i can make the sun shine i got it you got it we got (wooo) the magic girl i got it (you know you got it baby) you got it we got the magic girl i got it (i’ve got it baby) you got it we got the magic girl i got it (you know i got it baby) you got it we got the magic girl i know sometimes sometimes you feel no hope but i’ve been down off that lonely road i took whatever gift he offered me because i knew that he would set me free (whoa) i got it you got it (wooo) we got the magic girl i got it (magic baby) you got it we got the magic (woo) girl i got it (we got the magic baby) you got it we got the magic girl skip i got it you got it we got the magic girl wooo science they can’t prove it but i know i can do it i can fly i can bend metal with my mind i can wake up in a paradise ohhhh we got that magic we got that magic we got that magic we got that magic hey we got that magic we got that magic ewww got that magic come on hey i got it you got it we got that magic girl i got it you got it we got that magic girl i got it you got it we got that magic girl i got it you got it we got that magic girl everyday
yanlış okunuşuna sıkça rastlanabilir olan. (bkz: maecik)
(bkz: a kind of magic)
yeni justin timberlake single'i. your touch is so magic to me the strangest things can happen the way that you react to me i wanna do somethin’ you can’t imagine imagine if there was a million mess talkin sexy to you like that you think you can handle boy if i give you my squeeze and i need you to push it right back can you show me, show me what’s your favorite trick that you wanna use on me and i’ll volunteer and i’ll be flowin’ goin to go the distant place that nothing but shoes on me oh babe (uuuuh) all night show, it’s just you and the clock to do tricks you never seen (uuuuh) and i bet that i could make you believe that love is sexy magic (aaaah) so just let me drive my body around you, i bet you’ll know what i mean (uuuuh) cos’ you know that i could make you believe that my love is sexy magic (aaaah) everything ain’t what it seems, i wave my hands and i got you you feel so fly assisting me, but now its my turn to watch you ain’t gonna stop you if you wanna crowd my neck, talk sexy, do me like that just do what i taught you boy, when i give you my squeeze and i need you to push it right back can you show me, show me what’s your favorite trick that you wanna use on me and i’ll volunteer and i’ll be flowin’ goin to go the distant place that nothing but shoes on me oh babe (uuuuh) all night show, it’s just you and the clock to do tricks you never seen (uuuuh) and i bet that i could make you believe that love is sexy magic (aaaah) so just let me drive my body around you, i bet you’ll know what i mean (uuuuh) cos’ you know that i could make you believe that my love is sexy magic (aaaah) this is the part that we fall in love... ooohh let's slow it down so we fall in love... ohhh (but don’t stop what ya doin to me) (uuuuh) all night show, it’s just you and the clock to do tricks you never seen (uuuuh) and i bet that i could make you believe that love is sexy magic (aaaah) so just let me drive my body around you, i bet you’ll know what i mean (uuuuh) cos’ you know that i could make you believe that my love is sexy magic (aaaah) (uuuuh) all night show, it’s just you and the clock to do tricks you never seen (uuuuh) and i bet that i could make you believe that love is sexy magic (aaaah) so just let me drive my body around you, i bet you’ll know what i mean (uuuuh) cos’ you know that i could make you believe that my love is sexy magic (aaaah)
fiyat/kalite paritesinde rakipsiz bir media markası.. 16x, +r urunu cok iyi sonuclar verir..
you came to my show, and i saw you in the crowd i didn't know your name, i didn't know your name i asked all my friends who you were and your story they told me the same, they told me the same i've left my heart to you, but it's not fair coz you're taking me for granted baby i made a start with you, but it`s not fair coz you're over the atlantic baby one journey for you but it's worth it one life here with me and it's magic one journey for you, but it's worth it one life here with me and it's magic you stayed in my head where i saw you all the time i didn`t think you care, i didn't think you care i found you one day with a mouth full of attitude and you stole me away, you stole me away i've left my heart to you, but it's not fair coz you're taking me for granted baby i made a start with you, but it`s not fair coz you're over the atlantic baby one journey for you but it's worth it one life here with me and it's magic one journey for you, but it's worth it one life here with me and it's magic coz your over the atlantic baby and you're taking me for granted baby coz you're over the atlantic baby one journey for you but it's worth it one life here with me and it's magic one journey for you, but it's worth it one life here with me and it's magic one journey for you but it's worth it one life here with me and it's magic one journey for you but it's worth it one life here with me and it's magic one journey for you but it's worth it one life here with me and it's magic one journey for you but it's worth it one life here with me and it's magic şeklinde sözleri olan ladyhawke mükemmelliği. diskomtrak bir şarkı. "i've left my heart to you, but it's not fair coz you're taking me for granted baby" kısmı şarkının neden bu kadar çok sevildiğinin özetidir ayrıca.
"love, sex, magic" adlı harika ötesi ciara - justin timberlake düetinin sonunda bi "meğğhcighh" diyişi vardır ciara'nın aman allahımm seksi mi seksidir. tık tık tık vallaha maşallahı vardır ablanın. bu arada bende bu ekibe dahil olmak üzere, eminim zamanında bu kelimeyi "macig" şeklinde yanlış yazanlar çoktur. insanlık hali, okunuşundan etkileniyor olsak gerek. yoksa ingilizcemiz asla kıro değil.
bir colbie caillat şarkısı: "you've got magic inside your finger tips its leaking out all over my skin everytime that i get close to you your making me weak with the way you look through those eyes but all i see is your face all i need is your touch wake me up with your lips come at me from up above yeah, oh i need you i remember the way that you move your dancing easily through my dreams its hittin me harder and harder with all your smiles you are crazy gentle in the way you kiss oh baby i need you to see me, the way i see you lovely, wide awake in the middle of my dreams all i see is your face all i need is your touch wake me up with your lips come at me from up above yeah, oh oh da da da do do do do do ah, i ..... i need you"
grp records bünyesinde çıkmış başka bir klasik jazz funk albümü. bu sefer tom browne'dan ve sene 1981.. marcus miller, sekou bunch, bernard wright, weldon irvine, lesette wilson, crusher bennett ve pek tabii larry rosen & dave grusin yine hazır kıta çalmışlar. 1. let’s dance 2. magic 3. i know 4. midnight interlude 5. god bless the child 6. night wind 7. thighs high (grip your hips and move) 8. making plans 1981'in bu formattaki diğer albümleri: (bkz: nard) (bkz: clean sweep) (bkz: galaxian)
çok acayip bir ben folds five şarkısı. nakaratı "şalalaaa lalaaaaay"dan ibaret bir şarkı ne kadar güzel olabilir sorusuna efsanevi bir yanıt getiriyor. (bkz: epic win)
ladyhawke'in magic'i etkileyici bir sarki. verse kismindaki sozler 'bu ne lan' siradanliginda olsa da brigde kismiyla kendisini sevdiriyor. evet, gercekten de sarkinin en guzel kismi '''cos you're taking me for granted baby''...
arada flut falan caliyor, biraksaniz neredeyse kuslar cikcikleyecek, sanki oylesine bir mutluluk. bakmayin, adami direk ipe goturen bir sarkidir kendisi. (bkz: nick drake)
bir the cars sarkisi. summer, it turns me upside down summer, summer, summer it's like a merry go round i see you under the midnight all shackles and bows high shoes with the cleats a clickin' a tempermental glow oh, don't you let me go oh, i got a hold on you i got a hold on you i got a hold on you tonight i'll check oh oh, it's magic when i'm with you oh, it's magic oh oh it's magic to know the magic you know it's true i gotta hold on you oh, twisted under sideways down i know you're getting twisted and you can't calm down i see you under the midnight love darts in your eyes how far can you take it? till you realize there's magic in your eyes i got a hold on you i got a hold on you i got a hold on you tonight i got a hold on you oh oh, it's magic oh oh, when i'm with you oh it's magic oh oh, it's magic just a little bit of the magic who's being true i got a hold on you
(bkz: earl 'magic' walker)
internet kafelerde deliler gibi cs döndüğü yıllardaki nikimdir. ne kadar gey olduğunun farkına yeni vardım kazasız belasız atlattık çok şükür.
2009 model haris dzinovic albümü. mustuluk adlı hit parçayı barındırır. şarkı listesi: zbog tebe postojim mustuluk ne vuci me za jezik javi se pusti ljubav neka krene tuga mi je sve sto imam ne diraj nista, dobro je srce umorno mjesto ti je uvijek kraj mene ne mogu ja protiv sudbine trazi trazi
ingilizce "magic" ve fransızca"magique", latince magicus yoluyla yunanca magikos'tan türemiştir. geç antik dönemde kullanılmaya başlanan, eski yunanca bir kelime olan magikos (çoğul magoi , tekil magos) doğu akdeniz ve batı asya'da, "astroloji, simya ve ezoterinin diğer formlarının bilgisi" anlamına geliyordu. dönemin septik düşünürleri arasında, 'magos''un günümüze kadar gelen olumsuz bir çağrışımı vardı: madrabaz, hokkabaz vs. farsça maji'nin hellenistik bir formu olan bu kelimeyi hellenler , "astroloji ve büyünün mucitleri" anlamında zerdüştlerden ve keldanilerden almışlardı. herodot, "magikos" terimini iran ve anadolu'da yaşayan farsi gurbetçiler için iki farklı anlamda kullanır. ilk anlamda med kabilelerinin magi dilinde konuştuğunu yazar. ikinci anlamda ise etnik köken önemsemeden genel olarak bir "rahiplik kast"ını ifade etmek için "magoi" terimini kullanır. maji, zerdüşt takipçileri göstermek için en azından m.ö. 6. yüzyılda beri kullanılan bir terimdir. kökeni avestaca bir kelime 'magâunô''dan gelir, medler'in dinsel kast sınıfı içindeki zerdüşt rahipleri betimler. majiler bilgelikleri, astrolojik ve okült bilgileri ile ünlülerdi. incil'de üç majinin isa'nın doğumunu önceden bildikleri ve bir betelam yıldızını takip ederek bir ahırda yeni doğan isa'yı bularak ona hediyeler verdiklerini yazar. kelime arapçaya tüm zerdüştleri kapsayacak biçimde mecusi olarak geçmiştir. zerdüştlük de majilerden dolayı araplar tarafından mecusilik olarak adlandırılmıştır. bir ezoterik ekol olarak maji'nin kökeninin zerdüştlüğe dayandığı çoğu "modern" majisyen tarafından bilinmez. burada "maji"ye yüklenen anlam çoğunlukla ruhsal olarak gelişmişliği ifade eder. dolayısıyla bir kara majiden/büyüden söz etmek etimolojik açıdan yanlış olur. sanskritçe'de "maha" yüce, büyük anlamlara gelir, örneğin mahatma (maha=yüce, büyük, atma=ruhsal varlık) büyük ruh, yüce kişi, maharaja (maha=yüce,büyük, raja=kral) büyük kral anlamına gelir. aynı şekilde avrupa dilerinde maj/mag kökü, örneğin maj-esti, mag-nificant, yücelik, erk ve asalet anlamlarını taşır. majik, magic, maha, magna, maji, mecusi demişken aklıma hepsini kapsayan büyülü, çekici bir kelime geldi: magnetic.
