sex and the city'nin samantha'si kim cattrall ve 80li yillarin st elmos fire, pretty in pink gibi bilimum genclik filminde oynamis fakat hicbir zaman star olamamis andrew mccarthy'nin oynadigi sabun kopugu bir romantik komedi.
soundtrack açısından zengin bir filmdir.örnek vermek gerekirse (bkz: starship)
ayrica canli insanlarin birebir olculerinde yapilmis, konfeksiyon urunlerinin fit kontrolunu yapma amacli cesidi de vardir.
(bkz: take me to the club)
cesur ve guzel'de arada sirada efkar dagitilan, ask yasanan, kavga edilen kafenin adi.
"manken" kelimesinin fransizca yazili$idir.
güzel de bir klibi vardır cradle of filth şarkısı olanının.
leziz cradle of filth şarkısı; sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun; burning flesh, dripping sweat, using them all, like the paralyzing snake, charmed and enchanted by the babylon whore. led to other worlds by the girls she curled within i took their skins to see her be my mannequin be my mannequin i cannot remember how it was that we first met curve of moon and haunted shore the stars were not those heaven sent did we come together at masked palatial balls in silks and flesh and leather or did we come at all? i dreamt a midnight castle the eerie song of wolves and eyes that danced with fire as they have forever more our rites of sin have long fathered a hymn to burden him whom by slip of after whim at genesis dressed her like the wind in autumn gowns that pinned her down to be my mannequin be my mannequin always poised on winter but never would she break my lovecraft and black witch heart that pounded in her wake we kissed on distant balconies a law unto her own thirteenth dark commandment of figures pressed to stone turning cream with fantasies that god alone would know we graced vomitorium with the sweet excess of rome flagrant in the past our names were deeply carved on the tree of life in long dead languages led to other worlds by the girls she curled within i took their skins to see her be my mannequin be my mannequin i tongued the nuns at louviers but not one word possessed her divine right, an archetype for mortal goddesses...
müthiş bi katy perry şarkısıdır aynı zamanda. how do i get closer to you when you keep it all on mute how will i know the right way to love you usually the queen of figurin out breaking down a man is no work out but i have no clue how to get through to you i wanna hit you just to see if you cry i keep knockin' on wood, hopin there's a real boy inside but you're not a man you're just a mannequin i wish you could feel that my love is real but you're not a man i wish i could just turn you on put a battery in and make you talk even pull a string for you to say anything but with you there is no guarantee only expired warranty a bunch of broken parts and i can't seem to find your heart i'm such a fool i'm such a fool i'm such a fool this one's outta my hands i can't put you back together again cause you're not a man you're just a mannequin i wish you could feel that my love is real but you're not a man you're just a, a toy could you ever be a real, real boy and understand but you're not a man if the past is the problem our future can solve them baby i could bring you life if you let me inside baby this will hurt but in the end you'll be a man cause you're not a man you're just a mannequin i wish you could feel that my love is real you're just a, a toy could you ever be a real, real boy and understand but you're not a man (bkz: copy paste)
pek hoş olan the kovenant parçası. sözleri yazılıp da yüz vermeyen kıza karşı düşünülünce çok zevkli. yalnızca yüzsüz bir mankensin.
(bkz: nothing's gonna stop us now)
