stigmata filminin başında chumbawamba adlı grubun çığırdığı süper bir şarkıdır.
(bkz: ah mary vah mary)
shackles diye bir sarkisi olan ve iki zenci kadindan olusan iki sene oncenin populer grubu
en basinda uc kere ave mariayi tekrarlayarak baslayan sonra da birden kopan ve insanda yedi gunahdan dorduncusunu* isleme istegi uyandiran sarki..
(bkz: tougher than leather)
the monkees parçası 1967 senesinden. 1986 senesinde kayıt edilen ultimate breaks and beats vol 1 albümünde yer almasından anlayabiliriz ki oldskool rap semalarına da etki etmiş..
velvet revolver der ki got a feeling feelin' in your eyes got a fever, fever, fever in your thighs in your thighs mary, mary, mary by my side got time and love the kind you cannot buy cannot buy black boots, strong legs, got style my baby knows the walk, you see her come for miles come for miles want to find out what you're saying want to play the games you're playing mary, mary on my mind (get back, sugar baby) modern lover, modern kind when we close the door, we're never out of time out of time black hair, red lips, brown eyes can't tell how it feels that you're mine mine o mine want to find out what you're saying want to play the games you're playing mary, mary on my mind (get back, sugar baby) when we close the door, we're never out of time out of time baby, baby, baby's on my mind when we close the door, we're never out of time out of time want to find out what you're saying want to play the games you're playing come on out get on out
velvet revolver'a ait olanı scott weiland'ın eski eşi mary forsberg'e yazılmıştır.
aynı adlı chumbawamba şarkısının sözleri de şöyledir: hail mary, full of grace, the lord is with thee blessed art thou amongst women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, jesus holy mary, mother of god, pray for our sinners now and at the hour of our death, amen... (repeat 3x) no virgin me, for i have sinned i sold my soul for sex and gin go call a priest, all meek and mild and tell him, "mary is no more a child!" it's raining stones, it's raining bile from the luxury of your denial so i don't deny, i don't make do i'll press alarms, place bets on truth...! i'm so up and down... and i love whats not allowed... i was lost, now i see... and now i'm growing old disgracefully... whatever happened to mary...? whatever happened to mary...? whatever happened to mary...? whatever happened to mary...? whatever happened to...? ...hail mary, full of grace, the lord is with thee blessed art thou amongst women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, jesus holy mary, mother of god, pray for our sinners now and at the hour of our death, amen... i'll spit on floors, and do more drugs burn every bill, get drunk on love wear next to nothing in the pouring rain be a bad example and do it all again i'll be uncareful, i'll cause such scenes and i'll never talk of used-to-be's tattoo my face, i won't go gray be a dancing queen, i'm growing old disgracefully...! i'm so up and down... and i love whats not allowed... i was lost, now i see... and now i'm growing old disgracefully... whatever happened to mary...? whatever happened to mary...? whatever happened to mary...? whatever happened to mary...? whatever happened to mary...? whatever happened to mary...? whatever happened to mary...? whatever happened to mary...? whatever happened to...? mary... mary... mary, quite contrary... mary... mary... mary, quite contrary... mary... mary... mary, quite contrary... mary... mary... mary, quite contrary... ...nema, htaed ruo fo ruoh eht ta dna won srennis su rof yarp, dog fo rehtom, yram yloh. susej, bmow yht fo tiurf eht si desselb dna nemow tsgnoma uoht tra desselb eeht htiw si drol eht, ecarg fo lluf, yram liah...
8-10 yıl öncesinde bakırköy belediye tiyatrolarının oynadığı bir oyundur. beş kişilik oyunda emre kınay, yonca cevher, çetin etili, durul bazan ve gülce uğurlu vardı.
quite contrary... diye devam eden bir ingiliz tekerlemesi. tamamı şöyledir: mary, mary, quite contrary, how does your garden grow? with silver bells, and cockle shells, and pretty maids all in a row
