(bkz: maskeli balo)
(bkz: ip masquerade) (bkz: ip masquerading)
maskelemek, saklamak anlaminda kullanilan kelime. linuxda ip nat islemi icin kullanilan terim. (bkz: ipfwadm) (bkz: ipchains)
"wahooo" şeklinde dinlenebilirligi olan bir running wild albumu 1995 yılında yayınlanmıstır.the contract albumun introsu oldukca ürkütücüdür.metalhead,demonized,rebel at heart öne cıkan parçalardir.masquerade albumde 2.sirada yer alan şarkıdır ayrica sözleride şu şekildir; masked souls and blackest minds, mandrakes of the dark pitch and poison in their veins, they wear the evil's mark corruption, hate and deepest scorn they teach "obey and work!" the holy law they preach they've sold your soul, your flesh and blood to the whims of evil gods they've changed the world to hell on earth to save their evil plots with murder, war and treachery they rule if you trust in their machinery you're a fool masquerade, hiding their black-heart masquerade, evil and dark masquerade, treason and lies masquerade, covers their evil eyes they rule the world by telling lies, dripping poison in your ear keeping up appearances, revelation is their fear they control your mind with hate and evil lies religion is the devil in disguise masquerade, hiding their black-heart masquerade, evil and dark masquerade, treason and lies masquerade, covers their evil eyes so open up your clouded eyes the conspiracy to see if you wipe away their evil world, there's a chance of living free the acient tales tell holy laws: the truth! so be aware of what they are and they'll lose masquerade, hiding their black-heart masquerade, evil and dark masquerade, treason and lies masquerade, covers their evil eyes masquerade, hiding their black-heart masquerade, evil and dark masquerade, treason and lies masquerade, covers their evil eyes
(bkz: a werewolf masquerade)
running wild'ın 1995 çıkışlı mükemmel albümü.kapak tasarımı harikadır vocals/guitar:rock 'n' rolf lead guitar:thilo hermann bass:thomas smuszynski drums:jörg michael the contract / the crypts of hades (2:20) masquerade (4:20) demonized (4:41) black soul (5:18) lions of the sea (5:49) rebel at heart (5:45) wheel of doom (4:03) metalhead (4:57) soleil royal (4:45) men in black (4:36) underworld (6:15)
(bkz: masquerade cycle) (bkz: the masquerader and phoenix)
dreams of sanitynin 1999 cikisli albumu. 10 sarkidan olusur, sarkilarin isminde masquerade gecenleri sunlardir: masquerade - act 1 in which a mask is applied not only shielding the ugliness. the loneliness weaving wonders left me alone as daydawn came. the birdcry's timbre seemed like thunder - to spit on me - it was the lark. and on these daybreaks of my life kept closed my eyes for seconds more. when dreams freeflow the bending mind of all the grief and fear be gone. and on these daybreaks of your life just close your eyes and live within oh let them flow and bend your mind try to believe the fear is gone. start piercing me you wicked ghosts! your voices sneak from red-rubbed lips! those tangling whispers - want to soothe me, but start what i've never dared to speak of. as slowly as i dropped the cape - the slumber sweet as velvet fell - i saw the smiling face of a day that blew away my ease at once. not love not happiness i dreamed of no hope for this so rotten live? how can i tame? how can i hide this twisted me i cannot fight? not love not happieness you dreamed of lose hope for your so rotten live. you cannot tame, just try to hide it's you - it's me - you try to hide! start piercing me you wicked ghosts! your voices sneak from red-rubbed lips! those tangling whispers - want to sooth me, but start what i've never dared to speak of. "goodbye to eric" i heard my screams and hoped that echos would reload in me and strengthen me for this inhumanizing task i got up and applied a mask of velvet black - square as the one it hosts. "goodbye to eric the human-faced - shall he be known through the mask he wears". "shall fear be forever repelled by the ways, we'll walk; and we'll melt into the face, of all bodies and ever for all i'll become: be gone now eric - be gone - be gone". masquerade - act 2 in which the way is mind and mind is way. and off they went - both of them - the charm of luck fell in his hand - or shall i say into his face...? or shall i say to you...? this sudden moves his mind allowed - walked distance to his fading past left space for thoughts so mountain-high. left space for thoughts to you. where shall we fly my timeless pal? so strong in harmony we stand. the river styx or hades cannot hurt the sparkling sprouts of the living days. shall find the rose's blooming hills to pick the chosen one so bright and water it in the endless wells of what i found so deep inside. his steps stayed steady as he frowned uncertainty felt on his face no one could see behind his mask. no one could see behind. help me half dead ghoules for long you've pierced me in my timeless days i've payed you with my blood and pain i demand: take me as one of yours. masquerade - interlude so see me enter those timeless walls the city of paris - or was it rome? i do not care - oh! - i nevermind. nowhere i run to - i can hide. so masked my face - so masked my mind. the body well hidden in this opera's walls. the stones start breathing as my heart stops beating as i listen to her voice. how can i take and dare to touch these waves web sounds of angel's voice come! close your eyes and shield your mind. and sing with me - sing tonight! masquerade - act 3 in which the darkness masks the mask. [christine:] i close my eyes and wonder: "where is this man" who spoke so true with passion felt through centuries when i was alone this voice washed my fears away these sounds from the dark that vanish in the light of day. what i feel and what i see is not the same deep within your voice swings more than one world's pain [eric:] look into my eyes - for they belonged to him and if you listen well you can hear him sing through me. in dreams i hold you close my dreams are always near. may worlds split us apart at night i'll always hear the sounds that turned in me the plea for death to harmony [eric & christine:] i feel so alone my god where have you been? masquerade - act 4 in which not only the mask dies. so as the year has spent the meaning of all the hopes - the bitter days. to learn the good within the griefing to hope the best as i start to sink. why did i have to leave my fears behind the hills of loneliness? why did i have to find her here, who loved the black behind my mask? hand scratching this face - for christin and the days. blood dripping on dust - for the love i have lost. my flesh and bones - for the fear and the moans. my life - my pain - to dream with her everyday. this angels voice that fell upon my fading life my fading lies. christine may you now mask this dying naked soul of mine.
yngwie j. malmsteen "war to end all wars" albümünde yer alan mükemmel parça. masquerade you never show yourself you're living in disguise you keep on runnin' and you'll run until you die someday you'll realize you made a great mistake the devil in your eyes you're just a big fat fake break down the falls drop the false facade always in disguise in the mask you made tryin' to hide your eyes in the masquerade why? you can't be running around hiding behind your mask you can't be shooting straight is that too much to ask you played me for a fool but thefool was always you you tried to be so cool but it was never true break down the falls drop the false facade always in disguise in the mask you made tryin' to hide your eyes in the masquerade break down the falls drop the false facade always in disguise in the mask you made tryin' to hide your eyes in the masquerade why?
bir machinae supremacy parçası. edit : sözlerini de vereyim i've tried to find some common ground somewhere i can be unbound by the preconceptions we have found true strength is choosing your own side when different worlds collide do you stay silent to seem strong inside? do you really wanna be another face in the masquerade? do you still hide your eyes away from the world outside your shades have you noticed how it starts to fade? true strength is to face the ceiling when the walls are caving in do you stay silent when you scream within? do you really wanna be another face in the masquerade? a transformer shell on what's within metal surface on a fragile skin do you always play only to win? do you really wanna be another face in the masquerade?
aynı zamanda the phantom of the operanın bir sahnesidir..
dilin alismadigi bir gelime grubu da olsa, "maskeli gecit" daha cok uygundur masquerade'in tam cevrimi olmaya.
rivalry ile devam eden , victory ile mutlu sona kavusan albüm**
inglizcenin super kelimelerinden birisi.. (bkz: be gone) (bkz: vice versa)
radakka şarkısı. (bkz: malice and tranquillity)
symphony x parçası. kendi ismini taşıyan albümde 4. parça olarak yer almaktadır. ayrıca the odyssey (2002) albümünde remastered versiyonu mevcuttur. shackled in darkness - the forbidden portrait confined to it's frame unbroken silence - a total misfortune and shame ragin obsession - this mask of oppression, it hides your agression from view this tearing suture renounces the love he once knew your sacrifice this paradise of innocence trust the lie - you falsify the line of truth you disguise your insolence don't deny insanity - mediocrity save us from this masquerade of lies kings and fools die in ridicule (save us) save us from this masquerade of lies a fallen fortress sees him beneath starless skies subsiding deeper - the final farewell in his eyes unspoken hero - distrusted and thrusted within surmise seizing intrusion to unveil his clever disguise your sacrifice this paradise of innocence trust the lie - you falsify the line of truth save us from this masquerade of lies kings and fools die in ridicule (save us) save us from this masquerade of lies [solo] save us from this masquerade of lies kings and fools die in ridicule (save us) save us from this masquerade of lies
yes'in union albumunun 3. $arkisi. enstrumantaldir.
1999 yılında piyasaya sürülen dreams of sanity albümü... 01 - opera 02 - the phantom of the opera 03 - masquerade - act 1 04 - masquerade - act 2 05 - masquerade - interlude 06 - masquerade - act 3 07 - masquerade - act 4 08 - within (the dragon) 09 - the maiden and the river 10 - lost paradise '99
eskiden magicbox star 1 zamanında bu adda bir dizi vardı. emektar bir ajan her bölümde farklı meslek gruplarından yetenekli sivilleri para karşılığı bir araya toplardı ve görevimiz tehlike tarzı maceralar yaşanırdı. bölüm başında da hep yeni gelen ekibe "maskeli baloya hoşgeldiniz" derdi.
tam script aşağıdaki gibi olan sahnedir. http://www.geocities.com/…l_box5/acttwosceneone.htm act two scene one the staircase of the opera house (a gauze half conceals the tableau of guests at the opera ball. the guests (whom we cannot yet see clearly) are in fancy dressqa peacock, a lion, a dragon, mephistopheles, a highwayman, a clown, knights, ladies, an executioner. m. andre enters. he is dressed as a skeleton in an opera cape. almost immediately m. firmin arrives.he is also dressed as a skeleton in an opera cape. the two skeletons see each other and approach nervously) andre m'sieur firmin? firmin m'sieur andre? (each raises his mask to the other. they recognise each other.) firmin dear andre what a splendid party! andre the prologue to a bright new year! firmin quite a night! i'm impressed! firmin well, one does one's best ... andre/firmin (raising their glasses) here's to us! firmin i must say, all the same, that it's a shame that 'phantom' fellow isn't here! (the gauze lifts fully to reveal the staircase of the opera house. the opera ball begins. among the guests are four carrying strange percussion instruments: a monkey with cymbals, a toy soldier with a drum, a triangle, bells. together they play weirdly throughout) chorus masquerade! paper faces on parade ... masquerade! hide your face, so the world will never find you! masquerade! every face a different shade ... masquerade! look around - there's another mask behind you! flash of mauve ... splash of puce ... fool and king ... ghoul and goose ... green and black ... queen and priest ... trace of rouge ... face of beast ... faces ... take your turn, take a ride on the merry-go-round ... in an inhuman race ... eye of gold ... thigh of blue ... true is false ... who is who ...? curl of lip ... swirl of gown ... ace of hearts ... face of clown ... faces ... drink it in, drink it up, till you've drowned in the light ... in the sound ... raoul/christine but who can name the face ...? all masquerade! grinning yellows, spinning reds ... masquerade! take your fill - let the spectacle astound you! masquerade! burning glances, turning heads ... masquerade! stop and stare at the sea of smiles around you! masquerade! seething shadows breathing lies ... masquerade! you can fool any friend who ever knew you! masquerade! leering satyrs, peering eyes ... masquerade! run and hide - but a face will still pursue you! (the ensemble activity becomes background, as andre, firmin, meg, giry, piangi and carlotta come to the fore, glasses in hand) giry what a night meg what a crowd! andre makes you glad! firmin makes you proud! all the creme de la creme! carlotta watching us watching them! meg/glry and all our fears are in the past! andre six months... piangi of relief! carlotta of delight! andre/firmin of elysian peace! meg/giry and we can breathe at last! carlotta no more notes! piangi no more ghost! giry here's a health! andre here's a toast: to a prosperous year! firmin to the new chandelier! piangi/carlotta and may its splendour never fade! firmin six months! giry what a joy! meg what a change! firmin/andre what a blessed release! andre and what a masquerade! (they clink glasses and move off raoul and christine emerge. she is admiring a new acquisition: an engagement ring from raoul, which she has attached to a gold chain around her neck.) christine think of it! a secret engagement! look - your future bride! just think of it! raoul but why is it secret? what have we to hide? christine please, let's not fight ... raoul christine, you're free! christine wait till the time is right ... raoul when will that be? it's an engagement, not a crime! christine, what are you afraid of? christine let's not argue ... raoul let's not argue ... christine please pretend ... raoul i can only hope i'll ... christine you will ... both ... understand in time ... (dance section, in which christine, almost coquettish almost jittery, goes from man to man. but too many of her partners seem to be replicas of the phantom, and each spins her with increasing force. eventually raoul rescues her and holds her tightly. he whirls her back into the dance, as the music heads towards its climax.) all masquerade! paper faces on parade! masquerade! hide your face, so the world will never find you! masquerade! every face a different shade! masquerade! look around - there's another mask behind you! masquerade! burning glances, turning heads ... masquerade! stop and stare at the sea of smiles around you! masquerade! grinning yellows, spinning reds ... masquerade! take your fill - let the spectacle astound you! (at the height of the activity a grotesque figure suddenly appears at the lop of the staircase. dressed all in crimson, with a death's head visible inside the hood of his robe, the phantom has come to the party. with dreadful wooden steps he descends the stairs and takes the centre of the stage) phantom why so silent, good messieurs? did you think that i had left you for good? have you missed me, good messieurs? i have written you an opera! (he takes from under his robe an enormous bound manuscript) here i bring the finished score - "don juan triumphant" ! (he throws it to andre) i advise you to comply - my instructions should be clear - remember there are worse things than a shattered chandelier ... (christlne, mesmerized, approaches as the phantom beckons her. he reaches out, grasps the chain that holds the secret engagement ring, and rips it from her throat) your chains are still mine - you will sing for me! (all cower in suspense as the music crescendos, until suddenly, his figure evaporates)
sinemada oldukça kullanılan bir tanım.yorumlamak gerekirse, film okumasında masquerade in sonucunda saklanmış ya da başkasının maskesini kullanmış olan kişinin nasıl bir sona ulaştığı çok önemlidir,keza buna dayanarak filmin ne anlatmaya calıştığını anlamak mümkündür.bir de masquerade yaparken kullanılan yöntem ve materyaller de çok önemlidir,örneğin gattaca filminde vincent in bedensel masqueradeler kullanması filmin (bkz: gattaca) en önemli noktasını oluşturacaktır(izlemeyenler için sonunu söylemek hoş olmaz tabi ki).özetlemek gerekirse film culture dersinde bolca karşılaşabileceğiniz sinema terimi.
(bkz: diabolical masquerade)
(bkz: the night masquerade)
aram haçaturyan 'ın en güzel bestelerinden biri. emi classics'ten çıkan albümünde yer alıyor. ayrıca bu albümde filarmoni orkestrasını da besteci kendisi yönetmiştir.
reb beach solo albümü. reb beach'in süper gitarist olmasının yanı sıra güzel de sesi olduğunu gösterir.
edgar allan poe'nun pek severek kullandığı bir semboldür. (bkz: the masque of the red death) (bkz: the cask of amontillado)
"holy diver you're the star of the masquerade no need to look so afraid" ronnie james dio, 1983
sinemada 'seeing is believing' kavramının geçerliliğinden hareketle izleyiciyi aldatmak amacıyla kullanılır. yani izleyicinin sadece gördüğüne inandığı varsayılarak maskeleme yöntemiyle pek çok şey gizlenir ve seyirci şaşırtılır. mesela bir filmdeki karakterin normalde sahip olmadığı bir özelliği onda varmış gibi göstermek için karaktere o özelliği temsil eden bir maske takılır. bu maske birincil kelime anlamıyla somut bir maske olabileceği gibi, makyaj hatta kılık kıyafet de olabilir. önemli olan karakterin nasıl göründüğü, bir başka deyişle nasıl gösterilmek istendiğidir. maske sayesinde kimi zaman karaktere dikkat çekilirken bazen de bu karakter gizlenmek istenir. maske sinemada bazen bir karakterin gerçekten de önemli bir güce sahip olduğunun işaretidir (maske takan süper kahramanlar gibi). fakat genelde sinemada maske olumsuz anlamlara sahip bir kavramdır. takıldığında insanı olduğundan farklı gösterdiği için maske yalancılığın, sahtekarlığın sembolü olarak sunulur. maskeli olmak bir karakteri binary oppositions'ın 'öteki' yani 'kötü' kısmına sokar. eğer maske, karakteri ikili karşıtlıklar sisteminin (bkz: binary oppositions) ortasında bir yerde bırakıyorsa (zenci bir adamın beyaz adam maskesi takması gibi) çok daha kötüdür çünkü bu belirsizlik sistemi tehdit eder. maske bu sistem için aslında başlı başına bir tehdit unsurudur. zira her türlü masquerade insanı olduğundan farklı gösterip, sistemin ne tarafında yer aldığını belirsiz hale getirir. sinema, maskenin sinsi ve tehlikeli bir şey olduğunu vurgulamak için maske takmanın veya bir başkasının kılığına girmenin kimi zaman sadece dış görünüşü değiştirmekle kalmayıp insanın ruhunu da değiştirebileceğini söyler. üniforma giyilerek yapılan masquerade'nin izleyiciyi üniformaya odaklayıp, bu kıyafetin içindeki kişiye daha az dikkat etmesini sağladığının da farkındadır sinema. bu yüzden üniforma taktiği de seyircinin dikkatini dağıtmak için filmlerde sıkça kullanılır. üniformalı karakterler filmlerde bir nevi görünmezlik sahibidirler. izleyici bu karakterlerin giydiği kıyafete, dolayısıyla mesleklerine veya görevlerine odaklanırken kim olduklarına pek dikkat etmez. burada masquerade, maske taktırarak dikkat çekme değil, üniforma giydirerek dikkatlerden kaçırma amacıyla yapılmış olur. sinemada masquerade'ye dikkat çeken bir film için (bkz: desperately seeking susan)
20-25. saniyeler arasındaki melodi bizimkiler dizisinde geçen bir müziğe çok benziyor. (bkz: symphony x)
çok renkli(!) bir klibi olan kelsey rey'in söylediği şarkı. klibi için: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrkfuqvto6o
andrew lloyd webber tarafından bestelenen the phantom of the opera müzikalinin en renkli sahnesi. 2. bölümün açılışında yer alır. müzikalden uyarlanan aynı isimli filmin çekimleri sırasında, webber bu sahnenin üzerine çok titremiş ve başında sonuna dek çekimlerde bizzat yer almıştır.
aynı zamanda baywatch üçüncü sezon dokuzuncu bölümünün adı.
istanbul gayrettepe'de eski discorium'un yerine açılan gece klübü. dış kapıdan müziğin duyulabileceği iç mekana kadar labirent gibi yollardan geçmek gerekiyor. müziği ben pek beğenmedim, alkollü kokteyller 25-40 tl arası, vestiyer 10 tl. mekan olarak güzel, ortam olarak fos... içerisi paralı asker kaynıyor, uyaralım.
(bkz: masquerade club)
nicki minaj'ın söylediği ve adidas originals "all in" kampanyasının şu sıralar televizyonlarda dönen reklamlarında da kullanılan hoş bir pop şarkısı.
