(bkz: the dark of the matinee) (bkz: franz ferdinand)
ibiza'da 10 yıldır düzenlenen ispanyol partisi. compilation'ları da çok meşhur. olayı tam bilmiyorum ama partisi iğrençti bütün kışını gym'de geçirmiş üzeri çıplak erkekler vardı heryerde. dansçı kızlar çok iyiydi (eğer doğduklarından beri kızlarsa). gay partisi de olabilir bilemiyorum. çalınan müzik de fazla commercial. bir de amnesia'nın yan odasında nothing else matters çalarken ateşli mateşli köle temalı falan bir atraksiyon oldu, saçma sapandı.
hurts to purr'un güzel bir şarkısıdır. buyrun sözleri: it’s a perfect day for a matinee the rain falling it’s a perfect day for a matinee and i’m calling in sick so i can lose myself in a dark room with two old ladies laughing when i do and the ushers are watching too it’s a perfect day for a matinee and i think i love you it’s a perfect day for a matinee and i’m hoping you love me too hoping so hard that i need to escape and calm down my heart to a regular pace but i miss your hand on my knee what a wonderful way it’s a perfect day for a matinee and i leave the theater, it’s light out, it’s light out it’s a perfect day for a matinee and i’ll call you later, tell you what the movie was about and you’ll laugh and ask why i went alone and i’ll lie and say i thought everybody’d already seen that one but you would have gone you would have gone oh you would have, you would have gone
john goodmanın oynadığı 1993 yapımı yarı absürd komedi yarı gerilim tadında film. --- spoiler --- piyasada tutunmaya çalışan korku filmi yönetmenimiz, tam da küba füze krizinin olduğu günlerde atom bombalı patlamalı canavarlı filminin galası için turneye çıkmış, kübaya yakın bir sahil kasabasında, genç izleyenleri için, kasabanın sinema salonunu günümüz 5d sinema teknolojisi tadında hazırlamıştır. fakat kasaba gençleri arası problemler ve ufak teknik aksaklıklar sonucunda filmin galasında gerilim dolu dakikalar yaşanır. --- spoiler ---
on numara enerjikliğinde süper bir franz ferdinand şarkısı. dinledikçe huzur doluyor, "olacak lan, dert tasa kalmayacak" diye düşünüyorsunuz. kendisi burada. sözleri ise şurada: you take your white finger slide the nail under the top and bottom buttons of my blazer relax the fraying wool, slacken ties and ı'm not to look at you in the shoe, but the eyes so find me and follow me through corridors, refectories and files you must follow, leave this academic factory you will find me in the matinee the dark of the matinee ıt's better in the matinee the dark of the matinee is mine yes it's mine ı time every journey to bump into you, accidentally ı charm you and tell you of the boys ı hate all the girls ı hate all the words ı hate the clothes ı hate how ı'll never be anything ı hate you smile, mention something that you like how you'd have a happy life if you did the things you like so find me and follow me through corridors, refectories and files you must follow, leave this academic factory you will find me in the matinee the dark of the matinee ıt's better in the matinee the dark of the matinee is mine yes it's mine so ı'm on bbc2 now, telling terry wogan how ı made it what ı made is unclear, but his deference is and his laughter is my words and smile are so easy now yes, ıt's easy now yes, ıt's easy now so find me and follow me through corridors, refectories and files you must follow, leave this academic factory you will find me in the matinee the dark of the matinee ıt's better in the matinee the dark of the matinee is mine yes it's mine
