jane louise curry'nin yazdıı zaman makinasıyla geçmişe gidip bi taş oynattıkdan sonra geri döndüğünde herşeyi farklı bulan bi adamın hikayesi
tum suserlarin kendi basliklarinin altina yazdiklari kelimeler butunu.
hikaye soyledir: bir bilim adami zaman makinesi icat eder ve elemanin tekine dene sunu der, oyle ki sadece bi tas oynat tas devrinde geri gel sonra der. eleman bunu yapar ve profesorun adi bile degismistir. sonra... kaos. superdi.
exodus grubunun 1992 tarihli force of habit albumunde yer alan vasat bir şarkısının adı. good samaritans are something i can't stand suppressing their own needs to lend a helping hand looking out for number one is my only creed self-preservation runs deep in my breed i, me, mine suits me just fine i won't even give you the time go out and buy your own watch i ask nothing of you but leave me be me, myself and i - only these three apply me, myself and i - on these three i rely me, myself and i - my only true ally me myself and i - i'm greed personified thinking of myself is all i ever do not a single thought will i waste on you my only concerns are things pertaining to me don't bother trying to find any generosity i, me, mine suits me just fine i won't even give you the time go out and buy your own watch i ask nothing of you but leave me be no charity, no one rides for free no solicitors, can't you fuckin' read? take your social clauses and your empty pleas me, myself and i is the only thing for me
(bkz: to myself i turned)
metallica'nın eye of the beholder şarkısının içinde kullandığı bir cümle
lezuzet de la soul sarkisi. dove: mirror, mirror on the wall tell me, mirror, what is wrong? can it be my de la clothes or is it just my de la song? what i do ain't make-beleive people say i sit and try but whan it comes to being de la it's just me myself and i it's just me myself and i it's just me myself and i it's just me myself and i pos: now you tease my plug one style and my plug one spectacles you say plug one and two are hippies no, we're not, that's pure plug bull always pushing that we've formed an image there's no need to lie when it comes to being plug one it's just me myself and i it's just me myself and i it's just me myself and i it's just me myself and i dove: proud, i'm proud of what i am poems i speak are plug two type please oh please let plug two be himself, not what you read or write right is wrong when hype is written on the soul, de la that is, style is surely our own thing not the false disguise of showbiz de la soul is from the soul and this fact i can't deny strictly from the dan called stuckie and from me myself and i it's just me myself and i it's just me myself and i it's just me myself and i pos: glory, glory hallelu glory for plugs one and two but that glory's been denied by kizids and dookie eyes people think they dis my person by stating i'm darkly pack i know this so i point at q-tip and he states, 'black is black' mirror mirror on the wall, shovel chestnuts in my path please keep on up with the nuts so i don't get in aftermath but if i do i'll calmly punch them in the fourth day of july 'cause they tried to mess with third degree, that's me myself and i it's just me myself and i it's just me myself and i it's just me myself and i it's just me myself and i
beyoncenin yeni güzel parçasıdır şüphesiz ki. yalnız klibi pek bi acaiptir beyonce olduu anlaşılmamaktadır klipteki bayanın.
(bkz: me myself and irene)
beyoncenin sesinin bildiimizden daha da süper bi ses olduğunu kanıtladığı parçası.
beyoncenin sözler de aşağıdaki gibidir: all the ladies if you feel me, help me sing it now... i can't believe i believed everything we had would last so young and naive for me to think she was from your past silly of me to dream of one day having your kids love is so blind it feels right when it's wrong i can't believe i fell for four years and i'm smarter than that so young and naive to believe that with me you're a changed man foolish of me to compete when you cheat with loose women it took me some time but now i moved on cuz i realized i got me myself and i that's all i got in the end that's what i found out and it ain't no need to cry i took a vow that from now on i'm gonna be my own best friend me myself and i that's all i got in the end that's what i found out and it ain't no need to cry i took a vow that from now on i'm gonna be my own best friend so controlling , you said that you love me but you don't your family told me one day i would see it on my own next thing i know i'm dealing with your three kids and my home i've been so blind it feels right when it's wrong now that it's over stop calling me come pick up your clothes no need to front like you're still with me all your homies know even your very best friend tried to warn me on the low it took me some time but now i am strong because i realized i got me myself and i that's all i got in the end that's what i found out and it ain't no need to cry i took a vow that from now on i'm gonna be my own best friend me myself and i that's all i got in the end that's what i found out and it ain't no need to cry i took a vow that from now on i'm gonna be my own best friend me myself and i i know that i will never disappoint myself all the ladies if you feel me help me sing it now ya, you hurt me but i learned a lot along the way after all the rain you'll see the sun come out again i know that i will never disappoint myself
beyonceun parçası, klibi erotik pozlarıyla dolu olup geriye dönüşümlü bir kurguyla çekilmiş. konu beyonce erkek arkadaşının bilmem neresinde kendisine ait olmayan bir slip bulur (46 beden????) kavga edip ayrılır ve evine gider banyoda yıkanır (bol köpüklü). çok zekice tasarlanmış ve kalitedir.??
seneler geçmesine ramen hala son derece havalı kalabilen pek kral bir de la soul parçası... taa ilk albümleri 3 feet high and rising den...
beyonce'nin "gün bitti geriye sadece kendim kaldım" temalı süper şarkısı.. klibi sondan başadır, nakaratı ağza dolanır. hayal kırıklıklarına birebir..
funkadelic'in not just the knee deep parçasının sample edildiği pek neşeli de la soul parçası.
bir ella fitzgerald sarkisi.ella fitzgerald in cok guzel yorumladigi jazz standarti.
*isaac asimov'un öykülerinin bulunduğu bir kitaptı. çocukluğumda okumuştum ve baya sevmiştim. aklımda iki öyküsü kaldı birisi profesörün zaman makinesi ile ilk çağlara gönderdiği eleman ile ilgili olan (ki kitap adını burdan almakta) diğeri ise aslında uzay mekiği olan bir apartman ile ilgiliydi (okumuş olanlar kafasının arkasında gözü olan kapıcıyı hatırlayacaktır).
bir farkındalık öyküsüdür, farkındalık bir çalı süpürgesi olsa...
(bkz: me myself i)
(bkz: me myself and my microphone)
bir caz standarti olarak me myself and i sozleri soyledir: me, myself and i are all in love with you we all think you're wonderful we do me, myself and i have just one point of view we're convinced there's no one else like you it can't be denied dear you brought the sun to us we'd be satisfied dear if you, you'd belong to one of us so if you pass me by three hearts will break in two cause me, myself and i are all in love with you me, myself and i are all in love with you we all think you're wonderful we do me, myself and i have just one point of view we're convinced there's no one else like you it can't be denied dear you brought the sun to us we'd be satisfied dear if you'd belong to one of us so if you pass me by three hearts will break in two cause me, myself and i are all in love with you
darren hayes denen abimizin yeni albümünden çıkan ilk single. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbnihnlc-vi öyle böyle değil baya şukela olmuş.. i'm kinda reeling a deja-vu feeling we've been together in another life got me extending that network's ending the future echoes with your memory now darling, i don't know what the future will bring but i am willing to sing 'til i drop now baby, i don't know how it happened to be but when we met it was like future shock tell me what to do, me myself and i it's gonna take a time machine to get it right and it's so cruel, i wanna take you home i'm gonna speed those hands of time right up so that i don't leave here all alone. woo hoo! the death of the romance thought there was no chance then you appeared right in front of me i got to thinking loneliness sinking i felt the cloudiness come over me now darling, i don't know what the future will hold but i'm not willing to do as i'm told now baby, i don't care how it happened to be but i know that my future's right in front of me tell me what to do, me myself and i it's gonna take a time machine to get it right and it's so cruel, i wanna take you home i'm gonna speed those sands of time right up so that i don't leave here all alone. woo hoo! did you ever get the feeling that the universe is leaning? it's accelerating, it will never stop did you ever wonder if the number one divide by zero is infinity and if that's the case then what? if imaginary numbers are abstractions of the real thing then could someone make the clock of time stop? if we were always meant to be together like forever than it must have been a future shock i don't know what the future will bring but i am willing to sing 'til i drop... what to do, me myself and i it's gonna take a time machine to get it right and it's so cruel, i wanna take you home i'm gonna speed those sands of time right up so that i don't leave here all alone i don't know what the future will bring but i am willing to sing 'til i drop (gonna speed those sands of time right up) oh darling, i don't know how it happened to be but when we met it was like future shock what to do, me myself and i it's gonna take a time machine to get it right and it's so cruel, i wanna take you home i'm gonna speed those sands of time right up so that i don't leave here all alone
a dead heavy day albümünden poisonblack şarkısı. sözleri; enough about you, let's talk about me my ego refuses to hear or see to be distressed by your reality don't give a fuck about you, it's all about me i know i control the struggle to be pseudo-free to keep loss at arms' length to make you bow and bend so come and get me babe come invade my mind chew and tell me what my shit tastes like so come and take me babe are you of my kind? laughing in denial when the end is nigh enough about you, let's talk about me my disastrous lies will make you bleed for me and i will lure you into my reality don't give a fuck about you, it's all about me for i am the big star and you're just a wanna-be, wanna be with me keep your love at arms' length can't make me bow and bend so come and get me babe come invade my mind chew and tell me what my shit tastes like so come and take me babe are you of my kind? laughing in denial when the end is nigh so come and get me babe come invade my mind chew and tell me what my shit tastes like so come and take me babe are you of my kind? laughing in denial when the end is nigh so come and get me babe come invade my mind chew and tell me what my shit tastes like so come and take me babe are you of my kind? laughing in denial when the end is nigh
drama queen'lik yapmak istemem yalnız beyonce ablamız bu parçası ile acı gerçeği tatlı tatlı vurur yüzümüze. hatırlayalım ne dediğini; i realized i got me myself and i that's all i got in the end. unuttukça dinlemek lazım, evet.
