çok hoş bir pantera şarkısı, cowboys from hell adlı albümlerinden.
ing. kocakarı ilaçları yapan, dualar ve ritüellerle hastaları iyileştirmeye çalışan kabile doktoru vücutlarına, hastalık ruhlarını uzaklaştırmak için çeşitli muskalar ve süsler takarlar
pantera'nın cowboys from hell albümüne ait 9. parça. many distant miles away past the shores of ever dark there stays a magic man who bears an evil mark he helps all concerned those who come again return injecting lies while fires burn the devil's heart with angel's words have you wondered what heaven's like? he can show you in one night overwhelming with euphoric lift to lure you to steal your gift intoxication seeping down to the bone and there's no question where you have to go understand just take his hand he's the medicine man once proud and fearless men with desire in their eyes lost strong and fruitful lives to self-indulgent ties their souls were dipped in venom and put into a box then placed upon a crowded shelf where countless souls now rot have you ever wondered what hell's like? he can take you there just one taste and you'll be back and by the high you'll swear intoxication seeping down to the bone and there's no question where you have to go understand just take his hand he's the medicine man
(bkz: medicine jar)
endless dream adlı albümde canlı bir şekilde yorumlanmış barclay james harvest çalışması.orijinalinden kat kat daha güzel bir şekilde çalınıp; 11 dakikaya harika gitar soloları sığdırmışlar.
(bkz: şaman)
yma sumac'in agzini burnunu enstruman olarak kullandigi bir sarki. guzel oktav degerlerine cikar, kristal tingirdetir.
aynı zamanda lovehunter albümünde yer alan bir whitesnake şarkısıdır. medicine man (coverdale) you never leave her alone, i can see you never learn when you're playing with fire, you get your fingers burned there ain't no use in crying, baby don't delay, you can call your doctor, i'll be there right away i'm the medicine man, your doctor of love medicine man, doctor of love when there's a feeling inside, that just can't be denied, i will be your medicine man now don't you ever worry, if you feel the fever rise, you'll never fool nobody, when there's fire in your eyes there ain't no use denying, when you need it deep inside you've got your witch doctor to keep you satisfied i'm the medicine man, your doctor of love medicine man, doctor of love when there's a feeling inside, that just can't be denied, i will be your medicine man. you never leave her alone, i can see you never learn when you're playing with fire, you get your fingers burned there ain't no use in crying, baby don't delay, you can call your doctor, i'll be there right away i'm the medicine man, your doctor of love medicine man, doctor of love when there's a feeling inside, that just can't be denied, i will be your medicine man your doctor of love i'm medicine man, doctor of love...
gercek anlamda amerikan yerlilerinde ve ya ilkel afrika topluluklarında insanları iyileştirme, hastalandırma, kurtarma, oldurme gibi durumları hekimlik ve sihirbazlık arasinda yuruten kisi
güzel bir riot şarkısı. nightbreaker albümünden. this town has no mercy when you're on your own when there's no one close to you no place to call your home in the back alley shadows my body yearns, the pain it grows a needle holds the solution feel the sting no let it flow a dangerous game - no place to hide i'm looking for you to keep me satisfied medicine man you hold the key - unlock the door like a knife in your hand a spell that you cast for evermore i need a shot of satisfaction my body aches - my blood runs cold i need a killer chain reaction that's gonna rock me to the bone i'm burnin' inside - i'm under the gun you got what it takes - you know you're the one medicine man you hold the key - unlock the door like a knife in your hand a spell that you cast for evermore a dangerous game - no plave to hide i'm lookin' for you to keep me satisfied medicine man you hold the key - unlock the door like a knife in your hand a spell that you cast for evermore
def leppard'ın ilk dönemlerinde (1979-1980) konserlerde çaldığı bu ortalama parça, birkaç yıl içinde "rock rock (till you drop") adlı taş parçaya dönüşmüştür; ki bu işte robert john mutt lange adlı o ileri görüşlü yapımcının altın parmağı vardır. parçanın 1980 yılı "reading rak şenliği"ndeki yorumunu, topluluğun "under fire" adlı korsan kayıtlarında dinleyebilirsiniz. sözleri de şöylesine iğrençtir bu arada: * i'm the doctor i can mend your broken heart i'm the healer i could take you right back to the start so if you wanna take the chance well you better be sure baby, i'm the medicine man i've got the cure i'm the medicine man i will make you the kinda girl that feels no pain i can take you and put you back together again so if you wanna jump on board well you better be sure baby, i'm the medicine man i've got the cure i'm the medicine man that's what i am doing what i can cos i'm the medicine man whoo listen, lady, don't make me drive you outta your mind cos together this remedys not hard to find so if you wanna take the chance and i'm damn sure that you do baby, i'm the medicine man now the rests up to you i'm the medicine man that's what i am doing what i can cos i'm the medicine man whoo medicine man medicine man
zero 7'ın normal tarzının dışında kalmış sayabileceğimiz eğlenceli parçası. yeah ghost albümünde bulunur kendisi. eska mtungwazi hanım kızımız ise vokalleri üstlenmiş bu şarkıda, kendisini de ilk defa burda duydum zaten.
ing. şifacı (bkz: healer)
