aardvarks'in profondo rosso albumunden bir parca. sozleri: living in blind superstition fearing malignant unknown former believe old tradition faces behind the mask tribute to natures renewal wishing for better times it used to make sense to our fathers but what is its sense today repulse the frost dispell your sorrow welcome the spring drink untill you smile merry-go-round, merry-go-round merry-go-round, merry going round it's time that i put on my make up i won't be myself for tonight i tell the clown in me to wake up if he won't i drink to smile repulse the frost dispell your sorrow welcome the spring drink until you smile
abba'nin ring ring albumunun 13. $arkisi. i have tried in vain never had success so it seems my life is nothing but a mess i have lost my only friend now it seems i have to start again merry-go-round where am i bound with my love and feelings merry-go-round who wants to kiss me and hug me and miss me yes, who wants to do it i wish that i knew it merry-go-round wish i had found somebody to care for where am i bound life is so lonely if life is just only to love with my loving goes 'round and 'round looking for someone who would want to stay i might find her with a bit of luck one day but who knows so until then i can only try and try again merry-go-round where am i bound with my love and feelings merry-go-round who wants to kiss me and hug me and miss me yes, who wants to do it i wish that i knew it merry-go-round wish i had found somebody to care for where am i bound life is so lonely if life is just only to love with my loving goes 'round and 'round merry-go-round where am i bound with my love and feelings merry-go-round who wants to kiss me and hug me and miss me yes, who wants to do it i wish that i knew it merry-go-round wish i had found somebody to care for where am i bound life is so lonely if life is just only to love with my loving goes 'round and 'round merry, merry, merry, merry, merry-go-round...
ing. merry delicesine donup dur.
motley crue'ün 1981 yılıda çıkardığı too fast for love albümünün 4. parçası. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun (1) you know he's gotta get away to the merry-go-round and round count times that he laid awake at night thinkin' am i goin' down now am i goin' down am i goin' down now, oh! (2) it's not easy puttin' on a smile you're alone, lost and found she waits at home just to love him through the night thinkin' he's been gone so long now is he comin' home? he's been gone so long now, oh! (chorus) merry-go-round and round (repeat) (1) (chorus) (chorus) she waits alone just to love him through the night i'm coming home babe
(bkz: merry go bye bye)
doğrusu sorry go round olan poets of the fall şarkısını yanlış yorumlayış şeklim.. aylarca.. evet..
(bkz: higher mathematics)
atlıkarınca aygıtına verilen bir isim.
atlikarinca aygitina ecnebilerin verdigi isim. turkiye'dekinden cok daha populerdir coluk cocuk ortamlarinda, nedendir bilemem.
delinquent habits'in 2001 yılında çıkardığı, içinde en meşhur şarkılarından return of the tres'in bulunduğu albüm.
