güzel bir jessica folcker şarkısı.** candlelight, throws a shadow on your cloudy eyes and i i get lost in you late at night i feel something that i can't disguise so i get close to you well i can't believe that you and i never came to this all those nights with you right here by my side waiting for one kiss do you believe in miracles can you feel it when i'm close to you baby do you believe i believe in you here we are drifting slowly on a morningstar and i hope it never ends well i can't believe that you and i never came to this all those nights with you right here by my side waiting for the kiss do you believe in miracles can you feel it when i'm close to you and baby do you believe i believe in you do you believe we can change the world all we need is love that's true and baby do you believe i believe in you you hold the key to my world, in your hands between a woman and a man do you believe in miracles do you believe in miracles (do you believe in miracles) (can you feel it close to you) and though my heart beats in time with the things you do do you believe we can change the world all we need is love that's true and baby do you believe i believe in you o woow and baby do you believe i believe in you
bir conrad aiken (1889-1973) siiri. miracles twilight is spacious, near things in it seem far, and distant things seem near. now in the green west hangs a yellow star. and now across old waters you may hear the profound gloom of bells among still trees, like a rolling of huge boulders beneath seas. silent as though in evening contemplation weaves the bat under the gathering stars. silent as dew, we seek new incarnation, meditate new avatars. in a clear dusk like this mary climbed up the hill to seek her son, to lower him down from the cross, and kiss the mauve wounds, every one. men with wings in the dusk walked softly after her. she did not see them, but may have felt the winnowed air around her stir; she did not see them, but may have known why her son's body was light as a little stone. she may have guessed that other hands were there moving the watchful air. now, unless persuaded by searching music which suddenly opens the portals of the mind, we guess no angels, and are contented to be blind. let us blow silver horns in the twilight, and lift our hearts to the yellow star in the green, to find perhaps, if, while the dew is rising, clear things may not be seen.
gayet hos bir pet shop boys sarkisi: clouds drift away when they see you rain wouldn't dare to fall near you here miracles happen when you're around somehow the grass is much greener rivers flow faster and cleaner being with you no matter where sunlight breaks through and suddenly there's a bluer sky whenever you're around you always bring a bluer sky a brighter day thunder is silent before you roses bloom more to adore you too miracles happen when you're around the sunset is deeper and longer the scent of the jasmine is stronger stray dogs don't bite birds start to sing lightening daren't strike you suddenly bring a bluer sky whenever you're around you always bring a bluer sky a brighter day birds fly even higher in the sky sun shines it's a new day
huseyin karadayı ve funky cnin yeni cıkıcak olan albumunun adı http://www.usyfc.com/
res tarafından icra edilen versiyonu maid in manhattan filminin müziklerindendir. "if only you believe" olarak da bilinir. jefferson airplane yorumu daha yavaştır, res yorumu daha dinamik ve bence daha güzeldir. marty balin'in yazdığı sözleri ise şöyledir: if only you believe like i believe, baby we'd get by if only you believe in miracles, baby so would i if only you believe like i believe, baby we'd get by if only you believe in miracles, baby so would i. i might have to move heaven and earth to prove it to you, baby so we're makin' love and you feel the power and i feel the power then there's really nothing that we can't do if we wanted to, baby we could exist on the stars it'd be so easy all we gotta do is get a little faith in you oh, i've been (to) so many places i've seen some things i know, love is the answer keeps holding this world together ain't nothing better ain't nothing better and all the answers to our prayers hell , it's the same everywheres, baby nothing ever breaks up the heart only tears give you away then you're right where i found ya with my arms around ya oh baby, baby, baby, love is a magic word, yeah few ever find in a lifetime but from that very first look in your eyes i knew you and i had but one heart only our bodies were apart that was so easy, so easy i had a taste of the real world when i went down on you, girl. if only you believe like i believe, baby we'd get by if only you believe in miracles, baby so would i if only you believe like i believe, baby we'd get by if only you believe in miracles, baby so would i. i can hear windmills and rainbows whenever you're talkin' to me i feel like swirling and dancin' whenever you're walking with me you ripple like a river when i touch you when i pluck your body like a string when i start dancin' inside ya oh baby, you make me wanna sing yeah, baby, baby, baby, baby oh yeah, all right baby, we're sure doin' it tonight everytime you come by, let me try pretty, please sugar on it that's how i like it i can't even believe it, with you it's like having every dream i ever wanted come true i picked up your vibes you know it opened my eyes but i'm still dreamin' yeah and you're right where i found ya with my arms around ya. nakarat (2x)
bir dave gahan sarkisi http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tj4x53bynwi i don't believe in miracles and they happen everyday i dont believe in jesus but im praying anyway i want to accept the truth i really do i believe just afraid of losing you i read it in the paper and i watched on tv i seen it in the movies they say the truth will set you free i want to accept the truth i really do i believe but im just afraid of losing you
crank biterken(adam düşerken) çalan şarkı.
saturday night live bunun parodisini yapmış: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgbdomlbnjm
insanın âşık olduğunda nasıl bir uçuşa geçtiğini, her şeye bakış açısının nasıl da bir anda olabilecek en olumlu düzeye yükseldiğini, her yeni günde onlarca mucize bulabildiğini anlatan nefis pet shop boys şarkısı. 2003'te çıkardıkları toplama albümleri popart'taki iki yeni şarkıdan** biridir.
stone sour sarkisi, corey taylor yine akmis; i've seen it all and i know better - i've felt the bitterness and pain my soul keeps changing like the weather - the only constant is the rain i've known your black and white intentions and there's no room for shades of gray i never asked you to conform to me... i only begged for you to stay i waited here tonight for you to come but your love just disappeared i'm waiting in the dark for miracles but miracles don't happen here miracles don't happen here miracles don't happen here i still have dreams that we're together and i can still taste your skin reminders all around surrounded by your light - i don't want to die again i don't deserve to be discovered - i don't deserve to know you care i only want my promised other... not someone who isn't there i waited here tonight for you to come but your love just disappeared i'm waiting in the dark for miracles but miracles don't happen here miracles don't happen here miracles don't happen here oh, i waited here all night for you to come but your love just disappeared i'm waiting in the dark for miracles but miracles don't happen here i waited here all night for you to come but your love just disappeared i'm waiting in the dark for miracles but miracles don't happen here miracles don't happen here miracles don't happen here miracles don't happen here...
dj hüseyin karadayı'nın levent yüksel şarkısı "zalim"i remix'leyerek oluşturduğu parça.
zamanında ortalığı kasıp kavuran şarkı**. power fm gibi radyolar da dur durak bilmeden çalmıştı.
