(bkz: ingilizce)de (bkz: mucize). teorik olarak olanaksiz olan seylerin gerceklesmesi. (bkz: melek)ler ve (bkz: peygamber)ler yapabilir.
(bkz: the miracle)
şu sıralar cok ihtiyacım olan bir şey
"miracles come true for those who believe in them" denir. hadi len.
lancomeun yenı parfumu, sarışınlar için ve güzel değil kanımca
olive'in leziz bi şarkısı.. deeper than deeper was my love for you sweeter than sweeter joy hoping that every day you can go your way i cannot hold you down turning the situation 'round a little more making it look like things are just fine you can go your way shudder to think these words were mine touching the place that makes it a love thing straight to the face, one way love would be a miracle touching the place that makes it a love thing straight to the face, one way love would be a miracle dreamily passing by words sort of come and go wasting the time of day i don't know don't you smile that way? smiling is all i've got left for you you can go your way you can go your way
(bkz: the miracle worker)
josh rouse adlı adamcağızın bir şarkısıdır. şarkıda güzeldir hem baya.
az sıkıldığında çok hoş, dozu kaçırdığınızda midenizi alt üst edebilecek parfüm
jon bon joviye ait olan,blaze of gloryde yer alan albümün blaze of glory ve santa feden sonraki en iyi $arkısı.. a penny for your thoughts now baby looks like the weight of the world's on your shoulders now i know you think you're going crazy just when it seems everything's gonna work itself out they drive you right back down and you said it ain't fair that a man walks when a bird can fly we have to kick the ground the stars kiss the sky they say that spirits live a man has to die they promised us truth now they're giving us lies gonna take a miracle top save us this time (ooh...) and your savior has just left town gonna need a miracle 'cause it's all on the line and i won't let you down (no i won't let you down, ooh...) the river of your hope is flooding and i know the dam is busted if you need me i'll come running i won't let you down... no, no you're looking for salvation you thought that it'd be shining like an angel's light, yeah well, the angels left this nation and salvation caught the last train out tonight he lost a hell of a fight he said: "i'm just one man, that's all i'll ever be i never can be everything you wanted from me i've got big plans so big that any blind man could see i'm standing in the river now i'm drowning in the sea gonna take a miracle top save us this time (ooh...) and your savior has just left town gonna need a miracle 'cause your heart's on the line and your heartbeat is slowing down (heartbeat's blowing, ooh...) your feet are grounded still you're reaching for the sky you can let 'em clip your wings 'cause i believe that you can fly [solo (fly baby)] well my eyes have seen the horror of the coming of the flood i've driven deep the thorny crown into the soul of someone's son still i'll look you in the eye 'cause i've believed in things i've thought and i'll die without regret for the wars i have fought gonna take a miracle top save you this time (ooh...) and your savior has just left town gonna need a miracle 'cause your heart's doing time and your conscience is calling you out (conscience's calling, ooh...) it ain't all for nothing life ain't written in the sand i know the tide is coming but it's time we made a stand with a miracle gonna take a miracle, i need a miracle i need a miracle, i need a miracle na, miracle (miracle) oh...
(bkz: its a miracle)
sentim 'in ürettigi bir bilgisayar modeli, krn miracle olarak da bilinir.
sıkılan yerde hafif bir yag parlakligi yapmasi tek kusuru olan cok cok guzel bir parfum...
basrolunde kurt russell'in oynadigi, 1980 olimpiyatlarinda abd'nin college ogrencilerinden olusan olimpik buz hokeyi takiminin o zamanlarin ekol olmus sscb'sini yenerek sampiyon olmasini anlatan film. amerikan filmi tabi, gene agir bir amerikalilarin andonluklarini bir kenara birakip takim olabilmeleri durumunda dunyalari alabilecekleri mesajini tekrarlayarak masturbasyon yaptiran film. bu aralar gelmiyordu bu tarz calisma, alalim 2004'te. (bkz: sky is the limit)
lancome un cikarttigi parfumlerden en guzeli digerleri icin: (bkz: tresor) (bkz: poem) (bkz: atraction) (bkz: lolli pop) (bkz: connexion) (bkz: o oui) (bkz: o de lancome) (bkz: magie lorie)
man on the moon film muzikleri albumunden sade bir rem bestesi. enstrumantal.
(bkz: miracle whip)
as if to nothing albümünden içli bir craig armstrong şarkısı. mogwai parmağı da var şarkıda.
tenime yakışan çok az sayıdaki parfümden biri. erkek için olanında tütün bazlı bir şeyler kullanıldığı iddia ediliyor. yani en azından bana bu parfümü satan bayan kişi öyle demişti.
foo fighters in in your honor albümünden* bir şarkı. sözleri ise şöyle crazy but i'm relieved this time begging for sweet relief of blessing empty sky dying behind these tired eyes i've been loosing sleep please come to me tonight hands on a miracle i got my hands on a miracle leave it or not, hands on a miracle and there ain't no way let you take it away everything that we survived it's gonna be alright just lucky we're alive got no vision i've been blind searching every way you're right here in my sights away
(bkz: waiting for the miracle)
2001 yılında lancome tarafından piyasaya sürülen parfüm. üst notaları lici ve frezya, orta ve alt notaları zencefil, biber, manolya, yasemin ve amber 'den oluşur. migrenimi tetikleyen kokulardandır neden bilemem, yorumum yok bunun dışında,benim için pek de mucizevi anlamı yoktur;bu koku için fazla iddialı bir isim bence.
nothing should matter not when love grows inside you the choice is yours there s a miracle in ... şeklinde uzadıkça uzayan insanın içini bayan eurovision şarkıları tadında eski bir whitney houston ballad ı..
yillardir kullandigim tek koku oldugu icin insanlarin benimle birlikte hatirladigi harika koku.oldukca kalici bir parfümdür.
guzel bir vertical horizon parcasi. sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun: it's taken much too long to get it right would it be so wrong to maybe find someone a miracle and all you really need is everything you could never be and so you'd give it all for a miracle [chorus] is there a trace inside her face of a lonely miracle and so you wait and lie awake for a lonely miracle you never really know what it is not until it goes and if it comes again it's a miracle but what you miss is love in everything below and up above and could she bring it all a miracle [chorus] all you wanted was a (miracle) all you needed was a miracle a miracle and all you wanted was a (miracle) all you needed was a miracle a miracle it's taken so long to get it right could it be so wrong to maybe find someone a miracle [chorus]
geçtiği yılların * derinliğini yansıtamamış film. bu yüzden goof'larla dolu bir filmdir. seçmeler bittikten sonra ön sıradaki adaylardan birinin günümüzün uzay mekiği ayakkabılarıyla arz-ı endam eylemesi, final maçında seyircilerin günümüzdeki gibi kıyafetler giyinmesi, oyuncuların kullandığı buz hokeyi ekipmanlarının o senelere göre fazla gelişmiş olması gibi..
ortaçağ'da hıristiyan avrupa'ya özgü bir dinsel tiyaro türü. (bkz: mucize oyunları) olarak da bilinir. kutsal kitapta anlatılanları, yani peygamberleri, öteki dünyayı, cenneti, cehennemi, isa'nın azizlerin çevresinde oluşturulan bir takım mucizeleri canlandıran; seyredenlerde etkin bir öteki dünya korkusu yaratmayı amaçlayan oyunlardı. kilisenin cahil ve kalabalık halk kitlesine görsel yolla ulaşarak anlatmak istediğini anlatması ve etkilemesi gerekliliği sonucu, oluşmuş oyunlardır. kilisenin düzenlediği tüm oyunlar gibi dinsel bilgileri belletmek en büyük amacıdır. din adamları halkın çok rağbet ettiği bir eğlence olan tiyatroyu ortadan tamamen kaldıramayacaklarını anladıklarında kendi çıkarlarına yönelik kullanma kurnazlığını göstermişlerdir. metinler doğrudan incil'den alındığı ve üzerinde en ufak değişiklik yapmak caiz olmadığından oyun yazarlığının gelişimine hiçbir katkısı olmamıştır. buna karşın cennet, dünya ve cehennemi aynı sahnede gösterebilmek için uğraşılmasıyla özenli dekorlar ve mansion tekniğinin gelişmesi sahne tasarımı açısından yararlı olmuştur. aynı dönemde başka bir dinsel oyun türü için: (bkz: morality)
bir gamma ray şaheseri sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun miracle i was walking through a misty day, the sky was cold and grey an old man came right up to me and said, "i know your name." he said he'd like to talk to me only for awhile i had no plans, so i said ok, and he started with a sigh and said: "i've seen a million years pass right away. i've seen the gods of yesterday, they're old and grey. if you will fail, there's only one more way." what we need right now, is a miracle on earth let our hearts cry out, so our voices can be heard let us walk away together, from the never ending rain 'til the sun will shine for all of us again. he said all life he'd been searchin' for a way to find the clue that love will turn the fear to hope, skies of grey to blue. "let the miracle come true my friend", this is what he said "let's give ourselves a second chance for another lap in the race. "and then a million stars will shine to light our way. and all the tearrs from yesterday, ... forever washed away." what we need right now, is a miracle on earth let our hearts cry out, so our voices can be heard let us walk away together, from the never ending rain 'til the sun will shine for all of us again. take my hand and you will see the mirror of your destiny so many came to read the signs, to understand their meaning now i see i do not dare, but something's calling me so many men cannot bread free, the one who will succeed, i wonder if it's me what we need right now, is a miracle on earth let our hearts cry out, so our voices can be heard let us walk away together, from the never ending rain 'til the sun will shine for all of us again. it's a miracle we need let hearts unite, so our voices shake the earth let us walk away toge
citi piti narin kiz kokusu
mark lanegan'in field songs isimli albümünün 3.parcasi. i promise you a miracle and it will be done upon this one last disappearing bells toll, new lands and i look up sometimes to see this old black mary reach down for me i need someone for my plaything so lonesome in my playground you baby, go straight to my head and make it seem like a miracle and make it something beautiful something beautiful
ku$adası, kadınlar plajı'nda ki blue sky ve imbat otel'in hemen arkasında bulunan beach club. gözlerden uzak olması, az bilinmesi ve sürekli düzeyli mü$terilerinin olması gidilcek yer olmayan ku$adası için bulunmaz nimet. girişte ödeğiniz giri$ ücreti dı$ında içerdeki fiyatlar çok çok ucuz. garsonlarından kapıdaki görevlisine kadar genç kızlarımızın çalı$tığı mekanda ayrıca erkek ba$ına nerdeyse 9-10 bayan dü$üyor söylemeden geçmeyeyim.
justine suissa'nin ic erittigi yeni oceanlab güzelligi. above and beyond da her zaman oldugu gibi isabetli bir club mix yapmi$. te$ekkürler. don't they know that there's something going on what they're harming with their indecision but who will be left standing when i'm gone there'll be nothing left but a vision and it's too easy to turn a blind eye to the light it's too easy to bow your head and pray but there are some times when you should try to find your voice and this is one voice that you must find today are you hoping for a miracle as the ice caps melt away no use hoping for a miracle there's a price we'll have to pay and it's too easy to turn a blind eye to the light it's too easy to bow your head and pray but there are some times when you should try to find your voice and this is one voice that you must find today are you hoping for a miracle as the ice caps melt away no use hoping for a miracle are you hoping for a miracle as the ice caps melt away no use hoping for a miracle there's a price we'll have to pay
(bkz: miracle man)
(bkz: böyle bir yazar aslında yok)
pek yorum yapılmamış ama bence foo fighters'ın en güzel şarkılarından biri. vazgeçmeyi bilmemeyi, umut taşımayı akla getirir her defasında. hands on a miracle..
gitarlarinin ozellikle dinlenilmesi gereken supersystem sarkisi. hoplatip ziplatmasinin yaninda bir de ohalardan oha begeniyorum su an dinlerken.. ziyadesiyle şahane bir eser.
albüm versiyonu huzur verici bir şarkı iken above and beyond club mixi adamın amına koyan oceanlab şarkısı.
lancome'un fena halde lord of the rings kokan parfümü. miracle forever adıyla ikinci bölümü de çekilmiştir ancak aslı kadar edebi bir koku değildir.
çok hoş bir scorpions parçası. we took the long way the long way home and now it's just one step to go all those hours alone with only thing to get you home will i get out of this? and all that's left for me is hope now all i'm hoping for chorus: is a miracle (a miracle) to see the daylight a miracle the skies so blue it's a miracle (a miracle) to find a new life a miracle to be back with you! in the darkest hours alone with all your fears all you can think of are those happy days so much we take for granted, but life's a fragile thing these days when the time is up all you're hoping for you're hoping for (chorus) all i need (chorus) to be back with you...(a miracle) just one more step we're almost there...(2) to be back with you...(2)
ilse delange'in seslendirdiği, insanı dinlendiren, muhteşem sözlere sahip şarkı. (bkz: sözlerini yazayım da tam olsun) someone put a lock on this old door it's been beaten up and used and more it's been kicked a hundred thousand times keeping all the memories behind if you read the lines between the paint look beyond the cracks that store away it's hidden in the windows of the walls right behind the eyes that saw it all given all the facts of circumstance i did not believe that a romance would show itself in all this dark and blue that's the only place i ever knew you put me outside my safety-zone outside all the lines that made my home to find out that no one really lives without giving what it is you give a miracle looking in my life a mirror-ball showing me all these faces a miracle looking in my life, after all a miracle looking in my life a mirror-ball showing me all these faces a miracle a miracle a miracle i've been living underneath my skin everything i felt i kept it in it carried all the words without a sound it got me, it almost got too loud but now that my arms are holding on to someone as sacred as a song to the one who wants to be my own i have found that blood can come from stone a miracle looking in my life a mirror-ball showing me all these faces a miracle looking in my life, after all a miracle looking in my life a mirror-ball showing me all these faces a miracle a miracle a miracle
dizayn group'un, özel bir teknikle suda ürettiği domates markası. osmaniye’de kurulan 10 dönümlük serada el değmeden üretiliyor. dizayn grup, 5 yıldır uğraştığı proje için 3.4 milyon dolarlık araştırma-geliştirme harcaması yaptı.
latince "miraculum"dan türemiş. tanrısal müdahale, tanrısal etkinlik sonucu gerçekleşmiş olağanüstü olaylar.
benden başka hiç kimsenin kullanmadığını düşündüğüm miracle homme ne yazık ki piyasadan kaldırılmış ve lancome ile olan tüm bağlarımı koparmama neden olmuştur. evet, 2-3 yıldır üretilmiyor ya da türkiye'de yok. eğer siz de benim gibi vazgeçilmez parfümüm budur diyorsanız amazon, strawberry, perfume emporium gibi yerlerden sipariş vermeyiniz, zira son kalanları toplayayım bari piyasadan diyerek aldıklarımda kalıcılık problemi var feci derecede, ya da bana hep öylesi denk geldi. ümidimi kesmek üzereyim...
tanrı'nın kadın doğanlara direkt hediyesi, kadın doğup sonradan kadın olanlara da dünya'daki hediyesi olan parfüm. (bkz: tanrı) (bkz: kadın) (bkz: on ne nait pas femme on le devient)
2010 tarihli nonpoint albümü. 1. "shadow" 3:29 2. "miracle (feat. chad gray)" 3:44 3. "crazy" 3:34 4. "frontlines" 3:29 5. "looking away" 3:00 6. "electricity" 2:40 7. "what you've got for me" 3:31 8. "throwing stones" 3:56 9. "5 minutes alone (pantera cover)" 5:48 10. "what i've become" 3:23 11. "dangerous waters" 3:28 12. "lucky # 13" 3:25 13. "dead soul" 4:19
yaz için ideal, fresh lancome parfümü. çok özel bir koku değil ama hoş. bir gün alakasız bir yerde tanımadığım bir kadın, bu parfümün adı ne, bana tatili anımsattı demişti.
bir tommy sparks sarkisi. come on let's move it like the minors do we're just as oldie on the out but that's me that's you falling into the arms of a stranger enjoying every possible danger the james and judy keep falling over making up for boredom days it's a miracle the way you look at me it's a miracle the way you dance so free wake up to the sound of the drums we never thought that we were the ones let's quit our jobs and stick to it make a living just messin' around telling tales for the strange to another chasing waves in the sea of your bother she won't look so she can't see but it takes some magic just to believe it's a miracle the way you look at me it's a miracle the way you dance so free we're all on the in our fancy clothes gazing at stars on our bedroom walls they dance to the beat because they are young and move so fast they've just begun it's a miracle (they dance to the beat) the way you look at me it's a miracle (they move so fast) the way you dance so free it's a miracle (they dance to the beat) the way you look at me (because they are young) it's a miracle (and move so fast) the way you dance for me (they've just begun)
güzel bir cascada şarkısı boy meets girl you were my dream,my world but i was blind you cheated on me from behind so on my own i feel so all alone though i know it's true i'm still in love with you i need a miracle i wanna be your girl give me a chance to see that you are made for me i need a miracle please let me be your girl one day you'll see it can happen to me i need a miracle i wanna be your girl give me a chance to see that you are made for me i need a miracle please let me be your girl one day you'll see it can happen to me it can happen to me miracle... miracle [echo] day and night i'm always by your side cause i know for sure my love is real my feelings pure so take a try no need to ask me why cause i know it's true i'm still in love with you i need a miracle... i wanna be your girl give me a chance to see that you are made for me i need a miracle please let me be your girl one day you'll see it can happen to me i need a miracle i wanna be your girl give me a chance to see that you are made for me i need a miracle please let me be your girl one day you'll see it can happen to me it can happen to me miracle... miracle [echo] miracle... miracle [echo]
craig armstrong' a ait olan eserde swati natekar' ın vokali bulunmakta, giriş ve bitiş kısmınlarında ise mogwai etkisi açıkça hissedilmektedir.
şahane bir supersystem şarkısı. it's a miracle, your sense of timing it's a miracle, your sense of hearing octaves it's impossible, your brain is floating it's impossible, your cells are starting over it's way too possible to drop a drum track power the patterns by keeping the patterns it's way too possible to jump and drop down power the patterns by keeping the patterns beats are static, don't break it down, hearts are beating all right beats are static, like one, two, keeps repeating all night beats are static, it's not that hard, keep it even and tight beats are static, like three, four, keeps repeating all night unbelievable, what your ears are hearing unbelievable, vibrations hitting bones undeniable, what your bones are feeling unassailable, sensing perfect tones it's way too possible to drop a drum track power the patterns by keeping the patterns it's way too possible to jump and drop down power the patterns by keeping the patterns beats are static, don't break it down, hearts are beating all right beats are static, like one, two, keeps repeating all night beats are static, it's not that hard, keep it even and tight beats are static, like three, four, keeps repeating all night beats are static, beats are static, beats are static, beats are static beats are static, don't break it down, hearts are beating all right beats are static, like one, two, keeps repeating all night beats are static, it's not that hard, keep it even and tight beats are static, like three, four, keeps repeating all night
söylemesi en güzel ingilizce kelimelerden biri. ispanyolcası için (bkz: milagro).
hayatını çocuk parkı olarak nitelendiren ve kendini "çocuk parkımda çok yalnızım, eğlencem için birine ihtiyacım var" diyecek kadar yalnız bir adamın; aklına girerek hayatını mucizeye çeviren, güzelleştiren aşkı için yazdığı eser... tabi hayatı mucizeye çeviren kişiye teşekkür için bir vaat de gelir, "sana mucizeyi vaat ediyorum ve gerçekleştireceğim.". tipik bir mark lanegan teması, field songs'tan kısacık ama oldukça etkileyici bir şarkı. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arc2c85vrre
biliyorum şu an bir çoğunuz inanamayacak ama underrated bir tan taşçı şarkısı. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun. kopi peyst değil alın teri ! god interfere love love has miracles have you ever been in love or had a miracle do you believe in god or love or had a miracle do you believe in god or love or had a miracle i changed for you and your love i ask for another chance i opened up my hands and my eyes i wanna miracle love or pray for me love has it's miracle cause both of them are same things for god this is the miracle do you believe in god or love or had a miracle du yuuuuuu biliiiivvv in gad or laaaaaaav or hed e mirikııııııılllll i changed for you and your love i ask for another chance i opened up my hands and my eyes i wanna miracle do you believe in god or love or had a ... (wait a minute) miracle !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
celine dion'un 2004 senesinde çıkardığı ninni albümü. sanatçının avustrâlyalı fotoğraf sanatçısı anne geddes ile ortak olarak ürettiği fotoğraf albümü projesinin eşantiyonu olmasının yanı sıra tek başına da piyasaya sürülmüştür. bünyesinde what a wonderful world*, beautiful boy*, the first time ever i saw your face*, brahms' lullaby gibi ünlü parçaların coverlarının yanı sıra dion'un eski parçalarından je lui dirai ve the prayer*'ı da barındırır. albüme ismini veren ve aslen a new day has come albümü için yazılmış olan 'miracle', dion'un oğlu rené-charles için yazılmış olup ilk kez bu albümde görücüye çıkmıştır. sözleri de şöyle ki: you're my life's one miracle everything i've done that's good and you break my heart with tenderness and i confess it's true i never knew a love like this 'til you you're the reason i was born now i finally know for sure and i'm overwhelmed with happiness so blessed to hold you close the one that i love most though the future has so much for you in store who could ever love you more the nearest thing to heaven you're my angel from above only god creates such perfect love when you smile at me i cry and to save your life i'd die with a romance that is pure in heart you are my dearest part whatever it requires i live for your desires forget my own, your needs will come before who could ever love you more there is nothing you could ever do to make me stop loving you and every breath i take is always for your sake you sleep inside my dreams and know for sure who could ever love you more
film hakkında biletsiz olimpiyat filmleri özel dosyası dahilinde bir eleştiri yazılmış. “filmde sovyet takımı ve amerika takımı iki farklı düzeni temsil ediyordur. sovyet takımı duygusuz, ruhsuz, bir makinenin kusursuz çalışan parçaları gibi muntazam bir düzen içerisinde hareket eden, gerektiğinde sportmenliği ikinci plana atarak işin insani yönünü (fair play vs) umursamayıp sadece elde edeceği zafere önem verdiğini gösteren ve bu özellikleri sayesinde de son yirmi yıldır dünyanın en büyük takımı olmayı başarmış bir hokey efsanesidir. “ http://biletsiz.com/olimpiyat-filmleri-miracle
öyle çok da rahatsız edici miktarda amerikan propagandası yapmadan, hakikaten mucizevi bir spor olayını* anlatmayı başarmış film. o dönemde sadece amerika'nın değil, bütün dünyanın afganistan işgali dolayısıyla sovyetlere karşı takındığı tutumu da göz önünde bulundurmak lazım. hatta 80 moskova olimpiyatlarını pek çok ülke boykot etmişti. amerikan takımının üniversiteli amatör oyunculardan oluşması. buna karşılık sovyet ve diğer takımların profesyonellerden oluşması. hatta sovyet takımının nhl oyuncularından kurulu profesyonel amerikan takımını dahi farklı yenmesi. üstüne üstlük olimpiyatlardan 3 gün önceki hazırlık maçını 10-3 kazanmış olmaları. zaten son 5 olimpiyatta şampiyon olmuş olmaları. bunların hepsi düşünüldüğünde olay hakikaten mucize. yani mesela amerikan basketbol dream team'i, amatör üniversiteli rus basketbolcuların yenmesi gibi bir şey hehe. kurt russell koç herb brooks rolünde döktürmüş adeta. oyuncuları provoke ederek motive etmesi dahiyane. ancak maalesef herb brooks filmi göremeden, çekimler sürerken geçirdiği bir trafik kazasında (direksiyon başında uyumuş) hayatını kaybetmiş. (bkz: 1980 lake placid abd sscb buz hokeyi maçı)
mutluluktan ağladım bu şarkıyı dinlerken. niyesini bilemiyorum sevgili okur. the temper trap söylüyor. sen de dinle. http://grooveshark.com/s/miracle/4giugy?src=5 a little seed will grow into a tree leaving us in wonder as it sleeps who on earth can fathom, who on earth can know? you are but a thought in your maker's eyes and ı may not always believe but you're nothing short of a miracle feeble, tiny hands bound for greatness you will rise and fall like the rest of us love will keep you up, and always be the crutch that will see you through to the very last and ı may not always believe but you're nothing short of a miracle clever minds will second guess but to me, you're a living miracle something else comes over me grace has come to set me free ın your hands, you hold a new forever we may not always believe past which side we really see pride and lust is our disease and the cure is you, little miracle
tan'ın hoş bir... şaka lan şaka. çok güldürüşlü bi parçası. söz müzik de tan'a aitmiş. tan'ın ingilizcesiyle güfte biraz harcanmış bence. daha iyi yerlere kullanabilirmiş. ingilizce telaffuz problemlerine gülenin o kadar bile ingilizcesi yoktur diye şartlanıp dinledim ama same fings dediği noktada yapabileceğim çok da bi şey yoktu. vücut atması gibi bi şey orada gülmek. tan bence kulağı olmayan bi gardaşımız değil. önce ingilizce telaffuzu iyi olan birine söyletip ya da başka ingilizce şarkılar dinleyip söyleseymiş gülmeyebilirdik gibi geliyor bana ama şüphem de yok değil. bunları yaptıysa ve buna rağmen bu şekilde söylediyse demek ki tan'ın kulağı yokmuş der, yıkılırım. bi de god interfere love kısmını hiçbir hikayeye oturtamadım. bi ara ankara'ya gelse sorcam ama gelmiyo. çogayıbediyosun tantişkocum.
cekilmis belki de en guzel hokey filmidir. again sahnesi ic acitandir.
hurts'ün yepisyenisi ve çok beğendiğim şarkısı. hafiften bi taraftar bestesine benzetmedim de değil açıkçası. buyrun bu da şarkının ta kendisi.
hurts'ün mart 2013'de yayınlanacak ikinci albümü exile'in, ilk single çalışması. sabah saatlerinde çalındı kulağıma, bu saat oldu hala mırıldanıyorum. ben de bir miracle arayıp duruyorum, ondan mı acaba?* sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun bari. "talk to me girl, tell me your lies let your secrets have no ties ‘cause the light will never shine on this heart of mine and all the love we sacrificed look at all of the damage you have done in time you can see what a savage i’ve become, in my eyes if you look in my heart you will find no love, no light, no end inside and i’m looking for a miracle and i’m looking for a miracle but i hope, i pray, and i will fight cause i’m looking for a miracle cause i’m looking for a miracle there’s a place i wanna go and a life i wanna know but you crucified my heart of gold but oh, look at all of the damage you have done in turn if you offer salvation, i will run into your arms and deep in my heart you will find no love, no light, no end inside and i’m looking for a miracle and i’m looking for a miracle but i hope, i pray, and i will fight cause i’m looking for a miracle cause i’m looking for a miracle miracle and i’m looking for a miracle there’s no love, no light, no end inside and i’m looking for a miracle and i’m looking for a miracle but i hope, i pray, and i will fight cause i’m looking for a miracle cause i’m looking for a miracle"
