robert de niro'nun da oynadığı, başarısız bir film. bir senarist yedi yıldır senaryosunu filmleştirmeye kasmaktadır, bir yönetmen senaryoyu beğenir ve para aramaya başlarlar, olaylar gelişir.
(bkz: metres)
red house paintersin guzel bi sarkisi.
the light color in the room the sunshine seeping in doesn't mix with the black of death's angel looming in i've had enough of the brutal beatings and name callings to lose me to this bed bruised internally eternally your praise little gifts you spent your money and stuffed me with didn't amount to anything the attention i need is much more serious a kind of weight you couldn't lift even if your cheap career depended on it i need someone much more mysterious to be my miss to be my mistress
ingilizcede hem nufuz sahibi kadin hem de bir erkekle nikahsiz yashayan kadin anlamina gelen bi sozcuk ...
barry primus'un yazip yonettigi, robert wuhl'un martin landau'nun falan oynadigi bir film, robert de niro da mevcut
(bkz: femdom)
mister'ın değil master'ın dişisidir aslında.
eski ingilizcede kız arkadaş, eş..
(bkz: mistress lacin) http://www.mistresslacin.deepestfetish.com/
(bkz: hem$ire)
(bkz: mistress yaprak)
petra berger in yeni albümü.şarkılar da şunlar ola: 01 messalina 02 passion 03 portrait of love 04 l'ultimo abraccio 05 dancing with demons 06 beyond your destiny 07 mon coeur s'ouvre a ta voix 08 what he means to me 09 mistress 10 the goddess and the slave 11 i couldn't say no 12 my one true love 13 roxelana
petra berger in mistress adlı albümünün aynı adlı parçası. i am his mistress,his slave, his mother, i owe my all to him, none other, his prized posession, is what i’ve grown to be, but is it me ? so i wonder, has love betrayed me… could i deny myself the chance to love this man, this other man, tonight….. for all…. i gave him, for all i tried, i couldn’t save him, could no longer keep the colors of my wings veiled under misty shades of grey love, i can no longer hide my face from you…. won’t hear my conscience, look in the mirror, deny my lonely heart…. i’ll be his mistress…..
(bkz: venus in furs)
sözlük yazarlarının yanlış anlaşılır da başımız belaya girer diye hakkında yazmaktan çekindikleri kadın modeli
believe albümünden bir disturbed parçası. sözlerini de copy-paste edeyim tam olsun; i stand on the brink of your mind living inside a nightmare from which i just cannot awaken stand on the edge of your life just give me another moment from which i will never awaken stand on the brink of my own demise fallen again for another mistress of burden to idolize hoping that one of them will decide to let me in to stand on the edge of the knife cutting through the nightmare from which i just cannot awaken stand on the edge of the night living inside a moment from which i will never awaken stand on the brink of my own demise fallen again for another mistress of burden to idolize hoping that one of them will decide to let me in look at what you've done to me you've become my enemy poisoning the world for me take away my everything weakened as i am stand on the brink of my own demise fallen again for another mistress of burden to idolize hoping that one of them will decide to let me in
sanirim bununla ilgili verilmis en leziz tanim soyledir: "a mistress is someone between a mister and a mattress"
(bkz: mercury mistress)
(bkz: oh mistress mine)
bir adet çok klas sludge/grindcore grubu
red house painters'ın über kodaman bir şarkısı. garip bir hava estiriyor buralarda... şarkının geneline müdahale ettiğimizde hanımım daha entellektüel olsun demek istiyor. kozalak olsun diyor.
" a wise mistress knows that submission is given, never taken."
angela gossow'un arch enemy'e katılmadan önceki grubu.
