kuzey afrika ulkesi fas'in ingilizcedeki ismi. fransizcasi icin (bkz: maroc)
1930 yılında gary cooper ve efsane sarışın marlene dietrich’in rol aldığı bir film. bir lejyoner ile bir şarkıcının aşkını anlatır bu şahaser.
yeni bir altinci nesil yazar.
(bkz: ait hadiddou)
(bkz: casablanca)
(bkz: boyle bir yazar aslinda yok)
bir al di meola enstrumantali. 1991 tarihli kiss my axe'den.
the armada şarkısı, mükemmel ritmleri vardır; oh she's my lady oh, she's been my lover now she's hiding, hiding undercover they're going to tell her she's got to meet her brother for the honour, the honour of the other i want to help her i want to hide her i want to love her, but first i've got to find her she's been hiding, hiding undercover from the honour, the honour of the other i want to tell her baby please don't go don't you go back to morocco she's a goddess, oh she's been a lier see the witch hunt the flames are getting higher all the secrets we tried so hard to cover have been discovered, discovered by the other i want to tell her baby please don't go i've got to tell her baby please don't go i want to tell her baby please don't go don't you go back to morocco she's a goddess, oh she's been a lier see the witch hunt the flames are getting higher all the secrets we tried so hard to cover have been discovered, discovered by the other i want to tell her i want to tell her baby please don't go i've got to tell her baby please don't go i want to tell her baby please don't go don't you go back to morocco oh she's my lady oh, she's been my lover now she's hiding, hiding undercover he's going to kill her it's going to be her brother for the honour, the honour of the other i want to tell her baby please don't go baby please don't go back to morocco
gider de bir de çöle doğru açılayım derseniz bi bakın derim: http://www.travelenmorocco.com/
(bkz: fas)
marlene dietrich & josef von sternberg işbirliğinin ilk meyvelerinden biri olması özelliğini de taşıyan bu film aynı zamanda dietrich'in ingilizce oynadığı ilk film olma özelliğini de taşıyor. sonunun gerçekten vurucu olduğunu da söylemek gerekir. merak edenler için filmin türkçe altyazısı da malum ortama düşmüştür. http://divxplanet.com/sub/m/23484/morocco.html
insanları pek sıcak ülkedir. yakında misafir olacağız efendim.
