ing.arkadaslarim anlamina gelen silence 4 sarkisi.. i was so lost in my pain fear was melting my brain i was counting the days to insanity i was afraid to move myself afraid to hurt myself more than i had until that day everything i believed in everything i fought for was now underneath my feet and my heartbeat was so gone couldn't be felt by anyone so alone it gave me the creeps my drugs got me in bed went up to my head and i really don't wanna depend so i'll stick to my friends and my friends and my car and my friends my friends and my cards and my car and my friends martini 'till the end play pool again never thought to end like this no one told me it would be like this i'm amazed with myself and my brain and my pain, and my pain and my brain are delivering to my health my self-confidence was broken while my trust was taken and it left me with an empty life and this knife rests on the middle of my bed i think in all the things she said close my eyes and sleep all these drugs in my head it seems i'm already dead and i really don't wanna depend so i'll stick to my friends and my friends and my car and my friends my friends and my cards and my car and my friends martini 'till the end play pool again can't smoke anymore can't drink anymore still i do it, i do it again lost everything i had far from mom, far from dad i thank god for my good, good friends but where's this god that i mention? where is he right now? as i die as slowly as i can? all my plans went down the hole my life has no goal and i wonder if is this worth it? but my friends took my hand helped to lift myself again and that's what i really love so i'll stick to my friends and my friends and my car and my friends my friends and my cards and my car and my friends martini 'till the end play pool again
bizi bir anda 95 yılına ve hatıralara götüren bir red hot chili peppers şarkısı olarak sözleri de burada: my friends are so depressed i feel the question of your loneliness confide... `cause i'll be on your side you know i will, you know i will x girlfriend called me up alone and desperate on the prison phone they want... to give her 7 years for being sad chorus : i love all of you hurt by the cold so hard and lonely too when you don't know yourself my friends are so distressed and standing on the brink of emptiness no words... i know of to express this emptiness chorus : imagine me taught by tragedy release is peace i heard a little girl and what she said was something beautiful to give... your love no matter what edit: ulen 14 yasinda ne hatiran vardi keraneci.
i love all of you hurt by the cold so hard and lonely too when you don't know yourself dizeleriyle kafama kazınmış,red hot chilli peppers in one hot minute albümünden, pazar günlerinin depresifliğine uyan şarkı.
warner bros'un mtv'de yayınlatmak için istediği, videosu nirvana'nın nevermind albümünün kaydedilmiş olduğu kayıt stüdyosunda çekilen, dave navarro'yla uyum sağlamaya çalıştıkları dönemden bir red hot chili peppers şarkısı.
re minör tadındaki rhcp bestesi.
greatest hits albümünde breaking the girlün ardından çalmasıyla insanı daha da bir depresif duygulara sürükleyen rhcp şarkısı.
(bkz: hold on to your friends)
(bkz: knock me down/@mccormick)
sweeney todd'un soundtrack'inden bir parca.. filmin en etkileyici sahnelerinden birinde sweeney todd ve mrs. lovett tarafindan soylenir.. mrs. lovett (spoken) my! them handles is chased silver, ain't they? sweeney todd (spoken) silver, yes. (sung) these are my friends. see how they glisten. see this one shine... how he smiles in the light. my friend. my faithful friend... speak to me friend. whisper... i'll listen. i know, i know you've been locked out of sight all these years, like me my friend... well i've come home to find you waiting. home, and we're together! and we'll do wonders. won't we? you there, my friend? mrs. lovett i'm your friend too, mr. todd if you only knew, mr. todd ooh, mr. todd you're warm in my hand. you've come home! always had a fondness for you, i did. sweeney todd (simultaneously) come let me hold you. now, with a sigh, you grow warm in my hand. my friend! my clever friend... mrs. lovett never you fear, mr. todd you can move in here, mr. todd mr. todd, splendors. you never have dreamed all your days will be yours! i'm your friend and you're mine! don't they shine beautiful? silver's good enough for me, mr. t. sweeney todd (simultaneously) rest now, my friends. soon, i'll unfold you. soon you'll know splendors you never have dreamed all you days, my lucky friends 'til now your shine was merely silver. friends, you shall drip rubies, you'll soon drip precious rubies... (spoken) at last! my right arm is complete again!
harika bir rhcp şarkısı.. "i heard a little girl and what she said was something beautiful to give... your love no matter what" şarkının özellikle bu kısmına bayılmaktayım..
ayrıca bir the old dead tree şarkısı.
kafamda çaldığımda bile tüylerimi kaldırtan, gençliğime döndürten etkileyici red hot chili peppers parçası. red hot'ın en underrated albümü one hot minute'in hitidir. dave navarro dönemine ait diye konserlerde çalmıyor olmaları çok yazık.
"ex girlfriend called me up, alone and desperate on prison phone" kısmında ilk dinlediğim dönemlerdeki durumların şartlanmışlığıyla hala gözlerimi dolduran şarkı.
laura marling'in 3. albümü a creature i don't know'un 7 numaralı şarkısı. my friends, my dear friends and lovers, oh my lovers i'd leave you for them they got a hand on my back mama has money now and mama has friends she's making rags for some uptown hags with their money in bags and why are you so sad? why are you always so sad? why do i not understand? why don't i see what it is you see? why can i live and just be? i'm full of guilt i am full of guilt you're very tall, you're very handsome you have it all, your skin smells like man and i, you never know how i ache you will never know how i ache don't touch that in grace ever considered the sea? i heard you had to be strong why not float around with me? it won't take you so long you can go where i'm at you can hang around with me and a few good men will go where they all where they all not be and a few good mothers go for what they, what they all not teach and i long for a touch or reminder of us but, but it must not be and a few strong branches over water reach for what they all not reach i hope your mother knows where it is you have been i hope your mother knows what it is you have seen she'd be so proud she will never know how i ache
