klasik bi otobiyografi ve şarkı adıdır. binlerce kitap ve şarkı vardır bu isimde. fidel castro'nun ve leon trotsky'nin otobiyografileri de aynı ismi taşır.
micheal keaton'un oynadığı bi film, açıklama orda bulunur, gerçek bi hikayeden uyarlanmıştır, kitabı da bulunur kimi zaman, istenirse.
ayrica nicole kidman da oynuyordu ve hamilelik kadina cok yakismisti..
taksim imam adnan sokakta yer alan haftasonu canlı müzik olan bi bar... (bkz: average)
billy joel sarkisi. bosom buddies theme muzigi.
dido nun no angel albümünden güzel*,kısa* bi şarkı..get real ın bazı bölümlerinde fazlaca çalmışlardı... what i choose to do is of no concern to you and your friends where i lay my hat may not be my home, but i will last on my own 'cause it's me, and my life it's my life oh the world has sat in the palm of your hand not that you'd see and i'm tired and bored of waiting for you and all those things you never do 'cause it's me, and my life it's my life
bir zamanlar depeche mode ve new wavein kalesi olan mekan. full depeche mode coverlari soyleyen chantage isimli grup sahne alirdi her hafta sonu.artık melek oldu, gobek havasi ve piyasa calar oldu. bir yerdeki anılarımız daha tarihe karisti.
dmx'in grand champ albümünün 2. tracki. kesinlikle harikadır...
bir anouk parçası sözleri; i'm gonna get out of my shell try without anybody's help to loose this heavy load and get my life back on the road i've seen the worst when i was down only loneliness i found now i'm climbing to the top and i ain't never gonna stop i'll carry on, though the road is long i'm gonna get myself together and i'll hold on, 'cause i am strong gonna try to make it better, baby the rest of my life i'll take these chances time goes by so very fast i'll share my fortune and my failure 'til there's nothing left and if somewhere down the line i'll find i'm running out of time i hope to god that i can say i made the best of every day 'til then i'll carry on, 'though the road is long i'm gonna get myself together and i'll hold on, 'cause i am strong i'm gonna try to make it better, baby the rest of my life i'll take these chances time goes by so very fast i'll share my fortune and my failure 'til there's nothing left
dmx şarkısı olan my life'ın sözleri: [dmx] uh! [chinky] cause it's all (grrr!) goin on, in my life [dmx] earl simmons aka the dawg gettin down for real and goin hard [chi] cause it's all, goin on, in my life [dmx] this is my life and i'm livin it how i wanna live it motherfuckers won't you fuckin come and get it (come on!!!) [chi] cause it's all, goin on, in my life [dmx] check it out yo, give me at least three feet or end up stinkin leakin in the street (what!!!) [chi] cause it's all, goin on, in my life [dmx] i wanna be able to teach you blood wanna be able to sit down and eat with you cuz (uh!) [chi] cause it's all, goin on, in my life [dmx] i go through what i go through so you don't have to you should be glad to have the worst statute [chi] cause it's all (get up!!!) goin on, in my life [dmx] there it is my dreams my fears my words that constantly fall on deaf ears (what!!!) [chi] cause it's all, goin on, in my life [dmx] forgive me father for i have sinned (yeah) clense my soul i'm ready to win let's begin (please!!!) [chi] cause it's all, goin on, in my life [dmx] please give me the strength to rebuke the devil give me the speech show the word that's heard on all levels (aight!) [chinky] + (dmx) cause it's all (cause it's all) goin on (what's goin on!) in my life (this is my life!!! this is my life!!!) cause it's all (cause it's all!) goin on (what's goin on) in my life (in my life! this is my life!) [chinky] oooh oooh oooh! [dmx] life of mine, live in the life of crime aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! that's what's up baby, ain't nothin fake about this it's my motherfuckin life! çok sıkıntılı dertli bir şarkıdır. sonuna doğru dmx abimin gözünden yaşlar gelmektedir. bir de şarkının başında acıdan mıdır bilinmez ama hayvan gibi anırmaktadır.
cocukken izleyip de sonunda hickira hickira agladigim bir film.
erykah badu'nun mama's gun isimli albümünde bulunan nefis sarkı...(bkz: groove)
bill clinton tarafından yazılan kitap... 30 haziran 2004'te yayımlanacak...
22 haziran 2004 tarihinde piyasa çıkacak olan bill clinton kitabı. 1024 sayfa. eleştirmenler pek beğenmemişler. az önce bbc world'de american university'den bir adam içerikten yoksun ve kalitesiz bir kitap olduğunu anlatıyordu. biraz abartı gibi geldi bana bu yorumlar, malum cumhuriyetçi hegemonyasını da göz önüne alarak.. okuyup bakmak lazım tabi. amazon.com ile amazon.co.uk'den daha ucuza geliyor (bi 10 milyon kadar) aklınızda olsun..
(bkz: its my life)
(bkz: my life to live)*
klasik bir billy joel sarkisi got a call from an old friend we used to be real close said he couldn't go on the american way closed the shop, sold the house bought a ticket to the west coast now he gives them a stand-up routine in l.a. i don't need you to worry for me cause i'm alright i don't want you to tell me it's time to come home i don't care what you say anymore, this is my life go ahead with your own life, and leave me alone i never said you had to offer me a second chance (i never said you had to) i never said i was a victim of circumstance (i never said) i still belong, don't get me wrong and you can speak your mind but not on my time they will tell you, you can't sleep alone in a strange place then they'll tell you, you can't sleep with somebody else ah, but sooner or later you sleep in your own space either way it's okay, you wake up with yourself i don't need you to worry for me cause i'm alright i don't want you to tell me it's time to come home i don't care what you say anymore, this is my life go ahead with your own life, and leave me alone i never said you had to offer me a second chance (i never said you had to) i never said i was a victim of circumstance (of cirumstance) i still belong, don't get me wrong and you can speak your mind but not on my time i don't care what you say anymore, this is my life go ahead with your own life, and leave me alone keep it to yourself, it's my life
nefif bir jonh lennon parçasıdır. s d y t o my life, take it, it's mine to give. take it, let me live in you. my life, take it, it's yours. do what you will, i dedicate it to you. what's the use in waking if you're not there to share the dreams and nightmares? my life, take it, for better or worse. why waste time? we both know together is the only way. we'll make it any way. take it, my life, my life is you. what's the use in waking if you're not there to share the dreams and nightmares? i've only myself to... i've only myself to (give to) you. for better or worse i dedicate my life to you.
ağaoğlu şirketler grubu'nun "my" konsepti çerçevesinde, yaşam kültür dergisi adı altında yayımladığı, kendi otellerinin, konutlarının vs. tanıtımını-reklamını- yaptığı ücretsiz yayın. içinde okunacak pek bir şey bulamasanız da magazin bölümü oldukça eğlenceli oluyor. sosyeteye hitap baabında..
kızlar için portatif ve ekranlı bir oyun konsolu. sims oyununa benziyor.
the game'in lil wayne'i feature eden parçası. 2pac'lara, biggie'lere, john lennon ve kurt cobain'lere kadar göndermelerle dolu, dolu dolu bir şarkı. sözler [sing365.com'dan copy+paste] punk ass motherfucka! bitch ass nigga! what were you gonna do? kill me in my sleep u bitch ass nigga? tupac, biggie shut the fuck up! fucking dogs, they barking shit... don't shoot me! don't shoot me! fuck you nigga! [chorus (lil' wayne)] and i'm grindin' until i'm tired they say you ain't grindin' until you tired so i'm grinding with my eyes wide looking to find, a way through the day the life for the night dear lord you've take so many of my people i'm just wondering why you haven't taken my life like what the hell am i doing right? [verse 1 (the game)] take me away from the hood like a state penitentiary. take me away from the hood in a casket or a bentley. take me away... like i overdosed on cocaine, or take me away like a bullet from kurt cobain. suicide. i'm from a windy city like do or die. from a block close to where biggie was crucified. that was brooklyn's jesus shot for no fucking reason. and you wonder why kanye wear his jesus pieces. (my life!) cause that's jesus people, and game he's the equal. hated on so much passion of the christ need a sequel. yeah, like rockefeller need a segal. like i needed my father, (my life!) but he needed a needle. i need some meditation so i can lead my people. they askin' why? why did john lennon leave the beetles? and why every hood nigga feed off evil? answer my question before this bullet leave this desert eagle. [chorus (lil' wayne)] and i'm grindin' until i'm tired and you ain't grindin' until you die so i'm grinding with my eyes wide looking to find, a way through the day the life of the night dear lord you've take so many of my people i'm just wondering why you haven't taken my life like what the hell am i doing right? [verse 2 (the game)] we are not the same, i am a martian. so approach my phantom doors with caution. you see them 24's spinnin' i earned them. and all the pictures of me and em i burned'em so it aint proof that i ever walk through 8mile and since it aint no proof i d never walk throung 8 mile sometimes i think about my life with my face down. then i see my sons and put on that kanye smile. damn i know his mama proud, and since you helped me sell my dream, we can share my mama now. and like mjb, no more drama now. livin' the good life, me and common on common ground. i spit crack, and niggas could drive it outta town. got a chris paul mind state, i'm never out of bounds. my life use to be empty like a glock without a round. now my life full like a chopper with a thousand rounds. [chorus (lil' wayne)] and i'm grindin' until i'm tired and you ain't grindin' until you die so i'm grinding with my eyes wide looking to find, a way through the day the life of the night dear lord you've take so many of my people i'm just wondering why you haven't taken my life like what the hell am i doing right? [verse 3 (the game)] walked through the gates of hell, see my impala parked in front, with the high beams on. me and the devil sharing chronic blunts. listening to the chronic album, playin' backwards. shootin' at pictures of don imus for target practice. my mind fucked up, so i cover it with a raider hood. i'm from the city that made you motherfuckers afraid of suge made my grandmother pray for good and never made her happy, but i bet that new mercedes could. ain't no bars, but niggas can't escape the hood. they took so many of my niggas, that i should hate the hood. but it's real niggas like me that make the hood. ridin' slow in that phantom just the way i should. with the top back and my sox hat. i'm paid in full, the nigga alvo couldn't stop that. even if they brought the nigga pac back, i'd still keep this motherfucker cocked back. [chorus (lil' wayne)] and i'm grindin' until i'm tired and you ain't grindin' until you die so i'm grinding with my eyes wide looking to find, a way through the day the life of the night dear lord you've take so many of my people i'm just wondering why you haven't taken my life like what the hell am i doing right? my life [4x]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3jfefdk_ls&nr=1 klipten anlaşılacağı gibi, billy joel'in henüz yeniyetmelik dönemlerinde söylediği bir şarkısıdır.
orjinali the game'e ait olan ama çok daha güzel bir versiyonunu jj'in söylediği ve battlefield 3 ün resmi oyun tanıtım müziğidir. çok beğendim çok güzel olmuş. buyrun burdan yakın. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rktecuf-f1k
(bkz: jj) i'm grindin' until i'm tired they say you ain't grindin' until you die so i'm grindin' with my eyes wide lookin' to find a way through the day a life of the night dear lord it took so many of my people, i'm just wondering why you haven't taken my life what the hell am i doin' right? what the hell am i doin' right? i'm grindin' until i'm tired they say if you ain't grindin' until you die so i'm grindin' with my eyes wide lookin' to find a way through the day, a life of the night dear lord you've took so many of my people, i'm just wondering why you haven't taken my life what the hell am i doing right? na na na na na it goes around the world, na na na na na it goes around the world...
orijinali ayrı, cover'ı ayrı güzel şarkı. jj versiyonunda sondaki "na na na na na it goes around the world" kısmı atc'nin around the world şarkısından sample'lanmış olduğundan dolayı o şarkının cover'ı olduğunu sandım. tam "abicim yapmayın şunu: dıptıs dıptıs bildiğimiz şarkıları hababam sınıfı müziği misali yavaşlatıp da dağıtmayın n'olur adamı" diye jj'i azarlayacakken, işin aslının öyle olmadığını öğrendim. yalnız orijinal hâli ayrı bir betermiş. jj, şarkıdaki acılı*-isyankâr tonu, uyuşmuş-hissiz duruma çekmiş. sonundaki "na na na na..." ise işin tuzu olmuş: şok geçiren bir insanın alâkasız sözler mırıldanması gibi*.
nakaratı mükemmel game feat lil wayne şarkısı. http://www.youtube.com/…udxz9zkdzpo&feature=related
sanıyorum 50 cent'in yeni albümü öncesi ilk teklisi. kendisine adam levine ve eminem eşlik etmekte. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cn4fnauamba
eminem'in ''illuminati'ye dönüş'' şarkısı. --- spoiler --- almost wish that i would have never made recovery, kid cause i`m running in circles with --- spoiler ---
50 cent pek donuk, adam desen hafif kalmış. eminem ise harika; keşke tek başına o söyleseymiş şarkının tamamını, da, tabii naalaka... fifty kendini goygoyluyor. --adam-- my life, my life makes me wanna run away but there's no place to go, no place to go all the confusion, it's like an illusion like a movie, got nowhere to go nowhere to run and hide, no matter how hard i try --50 cent-- yeah, op i went from back filthy to filthy rich man the emotions change so i can never trust a bitch i tried to help niggas get on, they turned around and spit right in my face, so game and buck, both can suck a dick now when you hear 'em it may sound like it's some other shit cause i'm ain't writing anymore, they not making hits i'm far from perfect, there's so many lessons i done learned if money is evil look at all the evil i done earned i'm doing what i'm supposed to i'm a writer, i'm a fighter, entrepreneur fresh off the sewer, watch me maneuver, what's it to you? the track i laced it, it's better than basic this is my recovery, my comeback in --adam-- my life, my life makes me wanna run away but there's no place to go, no place to go all the confusion, it's like an illusion like a movie, got nowhere to go nowhere to run and hide, no matter how hard i try --eminem-- while you were sipping your own kool-aid getting your buzz heavy i was in the fucking sheds sharpening my machete sipping on some of that revenge juice, getting my taste buds ready to whoop down this spaghetti, or should i say this spaghetti-even? i think you fucking meatballs keep on just forgetting thought he was finished, motherfucker, it's only the beginning he's buggin' again, he's straight thuggin', fuck who he's offending he'll rip your vocal chords out and have them bitches plugged in me motherfucking wall with 3000 volts of electricity now take the other end dump them then pluck him, motherfuckers in each one of your eye sockets cause i thought you might finally fucking see that'll teach you to go voicing your cocksuckin' opinion to me i done put my blood, my sweat and my tears in this shit fuck letting up, you’re gonna end up regretting you ever betted against me feels like i'mma snap any minute, yeah, it's happening again i'm thinking about the same motherfuck everybody that's up in this bitch, but 50! cause this is all i know, this is why so hard i go i swear to god i put my heart and soul into this more than anybody knows i'm trapped, so all i do is rap, but every time i rap i'm more trapped and i rap myself right into this bubble, oh oh, i guess it's bubble wrap this is like a vicious cycle, my life's in a crisis christ, how was i supposed to know shit would turn up like it did? feels like i'm going psycho again and i might just blow my lid shit, i almost wish that i would have never made recovery, kid cause i'm running in circles with --adam-- my life, my life makes me wanna run away but there's no place to go, no place to go all the confusion, it's like an illusion like a movie, got nowhere to go nowhere to run and hide, no matter how hard i try --50 cent-- i haven't been this fucking confused since i was a kid sold like 40 million records, people forgot what i did maybe this is for me, maybe maybe i'm supposed to go crazy maybe i'll do it 3 am in the morning like shady psycho killer, michael myers, i'm on fire like a lighter tryna say the same classic, get your ass kicked mad quick, wrap your head up in plastic pussy, now pick the casket, dirt nap with the maggots it's tragic, it's sad it's never gonna end, now we number one again with that frown on your face, and your heart full of hate accept it, respect it this a gift god gave me like the air in the lungs and every fucking thing with it --adam-- my life, my life makes me wanna run away but there's no place to go, no place to go all the confusion, it's like an illusion like a movie, got nowhere to go nowhere to run and hide, no matter how hard i try
