billie holidayden nefis otesi bir sarki. insan uzulsun mu sevinsin mi sasirtanlardan. hatta hatta sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun: it cost me a lot but there's one thing that i've got it's my man it's my man cold or wet tired, you bet all of this i'll soon forget with my man he's not much on looks he's no hero out of books but i love him yes, i love him two or three girls has he that he likes as well as me but i love him i don't know why i should he isn't true he beats me, too what can i do? oh, my man, i love him so he'll never know all my life is just a spare but i don't care when he takes me in his arms the world is bright all right what's the difference if i say i'll go away when i know i'll come back on my knees someday for whatever my man is i'm his forevermore
(bkz: yavuz selim karakisla)
santana'nın all that i am albümünden mary j. blige ve big boi düeti, her şarkısı güzel albümden diğerlerinden daha güzel bir şarkı.. boom boom boom santana's in the room boom boom boom mary j's in the room boom boom ba-boom boom big boi, beat bullies let's ride... i got a man and he's so good to me i give love and he gives it back to me say it for me once if you know what i mean i said my man's what a man's supposed to be i got a man and he's so good to me i give love and and he gives it back to me say it for me once if you know what i mean i said my man's what a man's supposed to be he opens his arms and holds on to me he tells me he loves me and oh i feel it and all that i am and all that i'll be is there in his eyes when i hear him sayin' please i do, i do trust you see see this ain't just bout having sex i don't even have to touch you but you lustful i'm buggin' you feel me bulgin' while we huggin' we all over one another you're my choosey lover never loving others only rubbing me satisfy big to the utmost mentally and physically every king must crown a queen to make his kingdom mean anything through thick and slim we gon' win we a team by any means y'all the touch of his hand the sound of his voice the way that he loves me 'til he knows i feel it and all through the night forever rejoice the angel above me starts to sweetly sing to me who loves you baby? i do, i do adore you i'm the best man for the job another man couldn't do nothing for you cause you're spicy just like me we come together like thunder and lightning with all of that scratching and biting so exciting it's frightening i'm your do-right man and you're my do right not my just for tonight woman making me feel just like a baker quick to put something in your oven not no dumplin's or no stuffin' but our own lil' flesh and blood'n a bouncin' lil' baby something pretty girl or handsome son child my man's what a man's supposed to be... i got a man...
eagles'ın 1974 yılında piyasaya çıkan on the border isimli albümünde 4. sırada yer alan şarkı.. sözleri : tell me the truth, how do you feel? like you’re rollin’ so fast that you’re spinnin’ your wheels? don’t feel too bad, you’re not all along we’re all tryin’ to get along with ev’rybody else try’n’ to go their way you’re bound to get tripped, and what can you say? just go along ’til they turn out the lights there’s nothin’ we can do to fight it no man’s got it made till he’s far beyond the pain and we who must remain go on living just the same i once knew a man, very talented guy he’s sing for the people and people would cry they knew that his song came from deep down inside you could hear it in his voice and see it in his eyes and so he traveled along, touch your heart, then be gone like a flower, he bloomed till that old hickory wind called him home my man’s got it made he’s gone far beyond the pain and we who must remain go on living just the same we who must remain go on laughing just the same
(bkz: adamım)
bu benny goodman bestesini joe pass gitarında yardırır. sonra bir de ella fitzgerald yardırır. yardırırlar dediğime bakmayın, sakincecik bir şarkıdır. kaliteyi yardırırlar, onu dedim.
bir defa olsun soyle taze bir kiz yani dunya gozuyle su sarkiyi dinleyerek beni du$lesin...hususan, su bolumu.. dinlerse gozum acik gitmeyecegim turden bir parcadir. 'two or three girls has he that he likes as well as me but i love him' ehehe
fransızca sözleri albert willemetz & jacques charles ikilisine , ingilizce sözleri channing pollock ' a ait . şarkının iki versiyonu var . 1937 yılındaki ilk versiyonu: sometimes i say if i just could get away with my man he'd go straight sure as fate for it never is too late for a man. i just like to dream of a cottage by a stream with my man where a few flowers grew and perhaps a kid or two like my man. and then my eyes get wet i 'most forget 'til he gets hot and tells me not to talk such rot (refrain) oh my man i love him so he'll never know all my life is just despair but i don't care when he takes me in his arms the world is bright all right what's the difference if i say i'll go away when i know i'll come back on my knees someday for whatever my man is i'm his forever more
anlam olarak let me kiss you havası var bu şarkıda. ah billie'm nasıl da güzel okuyor bu şarkıyı. nasıl da hem mağrur hem çaresiz. "when he takes me in his arms the world is bright all right" derken nasıl da papatya papatya gülücükler saçıyor etrafına.
(bkz: get misunderstood)
regina spektor da coverlamış ve boardwalk empire dizisinin 2. sezon 3. bölümü sonunda izleyenleri ve özellikle dinleyenleri büyülemiştir.
billie holiday'den değil de regina spektor'dan dinlenilmesi tavsiye edilen harika parça. çünkü billie holiday'in tarzı benim de dahil olduğum geniş bir kitleye hitap etmez. oysa regina ablamız fevkalade sesiyle bu şarkıyı öyle bir yorumlar ki büyülenirsiniz. (bkz: boardwalk empire)
bir aşkın anatomisi, gönlümden dökülen nadide bir methiyedir; my man he is always young, he is always cuddly, he is blue-blooded, he has a good taste, he is an achiever, he gets it all if he wants. what else a woman could ask? he is my man; the cookie monster.
dolunay obruk'un muhteşem yorumladığı bir şarkı. http://www.youtube.com/…ayer_embedded&v=ckbsbxcgcvq
(bkz: american gangster)
1956´da yazilmis, billie holiday´in müthis yorumladigi harika sarki.
