(bkz: bon jovi)'nin guzel bir parchasi..
(bkz: guvenliginiz icin)
you'n me'n other friends lay lay loom
remember when we lost the keys in....
planet waves albumunde mevcut bob dylan sarkisi.
el dorado soundtrackinde mevcut elton john & tim rice sarkisi.
hoş ve eski bir bon jovi klasiği. sözleri de şöyle, as i sit in this smokey room the night about to end i pass my time as a stranger but this bottle´s my only friend remember when we used to park on butler street out in the dark remember when we lost the keys and you lost more than that in my backseat remember when we used to talk about busting out - we´d break their hearts together - forever chorus: never say goodbye, never say goodbye you and me and my old friends hoping it would never end never say goodbye, never say goodbye holdin' on - we got to try holdin' on to never say goodbye remember days of skipping school racing cars and being cool with a six pack and the radio we didn't need no place to go remember at the prom that night you and me we had a fight but the band they played our favorite song and i held you in my arms so strong we danced so close we danced so slow and i swore i'd never let you go together - forever chorus solo i guess you'd say we used to talk about busting out we'd break their hearts together - forever chorus
bon jovi'nin slippery when wet isimli albumunde bulunan bir parca.
bon jovi'nin amerikan gençlik filmi senaryosu konusuna sahip güzide bir çalışması.
(bkz: never say die) (bkz: never say never)
richie sambora'nın gitarını güzel güzel öttürdüğü şarkılardan biridir. gençlik yıllarını hatırlatır çoğumuz için.
(bkz: always say goodbye)
mtv unplugged' da kaydedilen akustik versiyonu da orjinali kadar güzel olan, slippery when wet albümünün şukelalarından biridir.
richie sambora'nın müthiş solosunun yanı sıra sonlarına doğru jon bon jovi'nin de klasik vokal solosu ve gırtlak numarasının duyulabileceği bir şarkıdır.
bon jovi'nin olanını buradan öğrenmekle birlikte hayley westenra'ya ait olanını dinlediğimde gözlerimi dolduran şarkıdır. sözleri de yazılmamış, yazayım da tam olsun. if i could take this moment forever turn the pages of my mind to another place and time we would never say goodbye if i could find the words i would speak them then i wouldn't be tongue-tied when i looked into your eyes we would never say goodbye if i could stop the moon ever rising day would not become the night wouldn't feel this cold inside and we'd never say goodbye i wish that our dreams were frozen then our hearts would not be broken when we let each other go... if i could steal this moment forever paint a picture-perfect smile so our story stayed alive we would never say goodbye
mutlu olduğum ender dönemlerde tekrar tekrar dinlediğim kurt elling şarkısı. sanatçının muhteşem çıkış albümü "close your eyes"tan. geçmişe mahkumluk yerine geleceği bekler havalarıyla beni şaşırtır da aslında. yeterince yüksek bina ve asfaltın olduğu her yerde yaşanabilecek bir hikayedir belki de sunduğu ama bir şekilde şaşırtıcıdır işte. kadınların ansızın gidişlerini çok rahat özümsemiş gibidir elling; bireyin hep bir geleceği vardır ona göre. şöyle, laura was like a cloak to me; as warm and comforting as a cloak should be - making every day a mystery. and then she said, “goodbye”. jenny was like a healing fire, with a voice just like an angel choir - making my heart burn with pure desire. and then she said, “goodbye”. too many lovers in a life, they come and go; just making love and then making tracks. soft to touch, but hard to hold - they go for a walk and they don’t walk back. one day, i know, she will come my way; bringing a warmer night and a cooler day. we will build our life like a sculpter molds her clay. and we’ll never say goodbye. and i’m waiting for the girl who will never say good bye. little girl, don’t ever say goodbye. never say goodbye. http://grooveshark.com/…dbye+for+jodi+/2wj91a?src=5
bon jovi klasiklerinden biri. aynı zamanda bir bob dylan şarkısı. sözleri bile var; twilight on the frozen lake north wind about to break on footprints in the snow silence down below you’re beautiful beyond words you’re beautiful to me you can make me cry never say goodbye time is all i have to give you can have it if you choose with me you can live never say goodbye my dreams are made of iron and steel with a big bouquet of roses hanging down from the heavens to the ground the crashing waves roll over me as i stand upon the sand wait for you to come and grab hold of my hand oh, baby, baby, baby blue you’ll change your last name, too you’ve turned your hair to brown love to see it hangin’ down
