dio'nun "dream evil" albümünde yer alan mükemmel ötesi parça.nakaratta dio'nun sesinin aniden değişmesi insanın ayağının bağını çözüyor. night people do you like the dark do you like the way it moves do you come alive when neon kills the sun are you hypnotized part of the illusion oh, see how they run it's the mystery poetry and passion innocence and fashion revolution evolution ways night people are you satisfied with the lessons that you're learning is the fire really burning do you know hey dream child promises are spoken and promises are broken electric eyes that never let you see them in the day night people night people do you like the dark do you like the way it moves do you come alive when neon kills the sunshine are you hypnotized innocence and fashion promises and passion evolution revolution ways and everybody stays night people night people, yeah! do you like the dark do you like the way it moves are you hypnotized paralyzed revolution hey dream child you got electric eyes hey dream child!
"gece insanları"dırlar. karanlığın çocuklarıdırlar. vampir olanı da var, kurtadam olanı da.
kool and the gang'in bize armağanlarından biri.hediye paketinin üstünde celebrate yazar. işte sözler ; night people, oh, oh people of the night i wanna talk about the night people on the street you can be sure that you're gonna meet night people out for a midnight dream after the lights have gone down, yeah late at night there is a feeling of pure delight that's when the night people meets their height when all the lights have gone down, yeah, yeah (night people, oh, oh) are you one? do you dance in the street just like the people of the night? yeah, you see they're dancing, romancing (do you know that night people, oh, oh) are you one? do you dances like those? (people of the night) they will always be bound when every night comes around mystery flows through the air on a tempting breeze urging the night people loud and free after the lights have gone down, yeah music plays up until morning, they all will stay night people dancing the night away when all the lights have gone down, listen baby (night people, oh, oh) are you one? do you dance in the street just like the people of the night? yeah, you see they're moving and grooving (do you know that night people, oh, oh) ooh baby (people of the night) do you know that i see you come alive, baby in the starlight, every single night your face is like the moon that's shining makes me smile and feel alright at midnight there's a love bite love is the feeling in the air (night people, oh, oh) yes i'm one, i like to have a lot of fun, yeah (people of the night) moving and grooving with the night people every night (do you know that night people, oh, oh) did you know? you see them out on broadway (people of the night) dancing the night away, oh
jørn da coverladı.
(bkz: gündüz uyuyup gece yaşamak)
