sly and robbiein bir parçası... ve de bir kitap ismi...
(bkz: simply red) guzel yapmistir.(bkz: blue) tell her try her best just to make it quick woman tend to the sick because there must be something she can do this heart is broken in two tell her it's a case of emergency there's a patient by the name of mickey night nurse only you alone can quench this here thirst my night nurse oh god oh the pain is getting worse i don't want to see no doc i need attendance from my nurse around the clock because there's no prescription for me she's the one the only remedy my night nurse only you alone can quench this here thirst my night nurse oh the pain is getting worse i'm hurt my love i don't want to see no doc i need attendance from my nurse around the clock because there ’s no prescription for me she's the one the only remedy night nurse only you alone can quench this here thirst my night nurse oh the pain is getting worse i'm hurt my love and i'm sure no no doctor got a cure my night nurse my night nurse my night nurse
gregory isaacs'in en bilindik şarkısı. simply red cover'ı değişik. biraz dramatik olmuş ama olsun. o da bir renk tabi...
nyquil'in ingilizi. kapsül ve şurup olarak çift versiyonu bulunuyor. ayrıca (bkz: day nurse)
bir cascada şarkısıdır. sözleri de şu şekilde: night nurse x2 its critical, your body's gonna rock like a chemical, makes you bouncing around the block like an outlaw, we're gonna take it too the top, 12 o'clock (yehh) g-g-guess whos on night shift?, 'cause tonight i'm working over time oh are you ready to cross the line i'll treat you until the break of dawn, you're not alone. night nurse-urse x3 who you gonna call? don't wanna be a lover - oh no but i could be your remedy - oh oh don't wanna be a lover - oh no but i could be your remedy - your sure night nurse. its physical cuz tonight were gonna party on the top floor and i'll meet you there, and i dont care if it all comes natural, your medical prescription - baby get ready now this is my religion. 'cause tonight i'm working over time oh are you ready to cross the line i'll treat you until the break of dawn, you're not alone. night nurse nurse x3 who you gonna call? don't wanna be a lover - oh no and i could be your remedy - oh oh i don't wanna be a lover - oh no and i could be your remedy - your sure night nurse. mee-me-mee-mee-bee-bee-bee-bee i am not the enemy i cold be your remedy. doh-doh-doh-doh-go-doh-doh do. i am not the enemy i could be your remedy. its critical. 'cause your bodys gonna rock just like and outlaw, outlaw who you gonna call? its physical. 'cause tonight we gonna party on the top floor, party on the top floor. break-break down. night nurse nurse x3 who you gonna call? don't wanna be a lover - oh no and i could be your remedy - oh oh i don't wanna be a lover - oh no and i could be your remedy - your sure night nurse.
kruder & dorfmeister remixi çok güzel, farklı olan. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fi7ppk0-gzo
bir zamanlar hoşlandığım kadın. her cascada-night nurse çaldığında akla gelir.
gregory isaacs, şarkının başında çok içten bir ah çekmektedir.
