night after night : ''geceler boyu''.. ''her gece'' anlamında ing. bir deyim olsa gerek bu.. the communards grubunun ''so cold the night'' adlı şarkısının üçüncü satırında geçen bir cümledir ayrıca.. * * helal süt emmiş bir sınırsız sorumsuz sözlük yazarı olarak (#282715), uktetor için, artçı birşeyler yazmak da varmış; not düşmüş çünkü. işte aşağıdaki sözler, bonus yani, o yüzdendir. bakalım : you're as cold as ice and ı realize that ı'm loosing you girl what can ı do? ı can see your eyes and they show the lies that you hide inside oh that can't be right. why don't you tell me you don't wanna see me no more? are you afraid that my cryin' would make you unsure? ıt's been paradise now ı see that guy foolin' round with you. vvhat you're tryin' to do? ıf you wanna go you don't need to show all those sexy ways. girl ı hate those games. you're driftin' away and it looks like you loosing control. ı knew you before and you're never been actin' so cold. night after night ı've been waitin' for you night after night in my room. night after night ı don't know what to do night after night all alone. and the picture of you reminds me of times we shared and ı can't understand why you're treatin' me oh so bad. why can't you see that you're loosing the game that you play? can't you imagine the prize that you might have to pay? when you're cold as ice don't you realize that you're loosing me baby can't you see? girl your ıyin' eyes are just a weak disguise for your fantasy that you hide from me. you're driftin' away . . . night after night ı've been waitin' for you . . . and the picutre of you reminds me of times we shared . . . night after night ı've been waitin' for you . . .
pink floyd - the wall - one of my turns'un asagidaki bolumunde cok etkili kullanilmis tümce night after night, we pretend its all right but i have grown older and you have grown colder and nothing is very much fun any more.
harika sozlere sahip the sounds parcasi. ahanda sozleri buyrun it all seemed perfect but there are moments when i feel nothing at all same as always now it's repeating itself all over again night after night you say you move on tomorrow, tomorrow now, what's holding you back? i don't know, i don't know night after night you say you move on tomorrow, tomorrow now, what's holding you back? i don't know, i don't know, i don't know don't feel sorry 'cause there's no reason for us to fight any more tears are coming, and years are going i hope we'll learn something night after night you say you move on tomorrow, tomorrow now, what's holding you back? i don't know, i don't know night after night you say you move on tomorrow, tomorrow now, what's holding you back? i don't know, i don't know, i don't know night after night you say you move on tomorrow, tomorrow now, what's holding you back? i don't know, i don't know, i don't know night after night you say you move on tomorrow, tomorrow now, what's holding you back? i don't know, i don't know, i don't know
laura marling şarkısı. darling i loved you i longed to become you i know what it is that you gave we dance the sorrow forgive me tomorrow i pray night after night day after day would you watch my body weaken my mind drift away dear lover forsaken our love is taken away you were my speaker my innocence keeper i don't night after night day after day would you watch my body weaken my mind drift away dear lover forgiven my love is driven by rage oh i should just leave you instead of deceive you but i don't night after night day after day would you watch my body weaken and my mind drift away i account to no one hold nobody's ear i showed you my hand once and you hit me in fear i don't stand for the devil i don't whisper in ears i stand on the mountains and call people to hear it's a sudden bursts of light it's a fate foretold it is knowing it is knowing he longs for the answers as all of us must he longs for the woman who'll conquer his lust he screams in the night i scream in the day we weep in the evening and lie naked and pray night after night day after day night after night day after day would you watch my body weaken my mind drift away it’s a tempting communion it's a fate foretold it is knowing it is knowing what it is that you're told
