amerika'nın en eski hardcore gruplarından biri.
calvin klein escape parfümünün miss piggy&kermit'li reklamlarında kullanılan slogan.
treacherous without compassion you sought expression through them all sadistic and perverted urges dictated they had to fall spent your youth in reformatories where you're hate grew day by day molested and subjugated satisfying them in their way victim of your drives personification of insanity no escape [x2] you can't control the instincts inside never, there is no escape you feel no guilt for what you've done you never thought it was a crime following you're nature there was never malice meant that time can't understand the hate against you can't they see that you were right? you must obey those powerful feelings coming from inside victim of your drives personification of insanity no escape [x2] you can't control the instincts inside never, there is no escape let me live my own life leave me be, let me satisfy my drives i don't care what they feel when i was young no-one ever cared about me treacherous without compassion you sought expression through them all sadistic and perverted urges dictated they had to fall it makes no difference who you... it won't change - you will see so many lives lost, psychopath cured you'll never be
(bkz: northern lite) (bkz: delicious) no way to escape, no way to run. no way to ever forget what we have done. no way to escape, no way to run. no way to ever forget what we have done. could you be the one? don't know what i did before left it all behind but i knwo what i've been missing now that you're mine could this be the time? could this be the time? no way to escape, no way to run. no way to ever forget what we have done. no way to escape, no way to run. no way to ever forget what we have done. could you be the one? no other song to sing for the ones outside no chance to ever get here to try what we've tried and did tonight no reason to step back or calculate just like the first time we don't hesitate no way to escape, no way to run. no way to ever forget what we have done. no way to escape, no way to run. no way to ever forget what we have done. could you be the one? no way to escape, no way to run. no way to ever forget what we have done. no way to escape, no way to run. no way to ever forget what we have done.
norah mcclintock'un türkçeye kaçış yok adı ile çevrilen kitabıdır. can yayınlarının gençlik dizisinden çıkmıştır ve güzel bir polisiyedir. özellikle son yıllarda polisiye romanlara dna sonuçlarının yön vermesinden sıkılan polisiye okuyucuları için güzel bir okuma vaat eden bir kitap olduğunu söyleyebilirim. kitaptaki dedektifimiz chole, hoke moseley gibi bir profil sergilemese de eski usullerin halen işe yaradığını bize gösteriyor.
adıyla çelişecek biçimde içinde 33 tane escape geçen şarkıdır.
birdpen in global lows albümünün açılış parçası. 10 numara parça. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biwk31jx-os there is no escape, there’s no window there is no escape, nowhere to go there is no escape, i see it on the news there is no escape, had to roll in. there is no escape, the weather’s frightening there is no escape, sky-scrapers there is no escape, machines making there is no escape, the phone’s calling me. there is no escape, your information there is no escape, they’re on direction there is no escape, we’re science fiction there is no escape, we’ll tell the truth. there is no escape, from what you’re drinking there is no escape, expends of living there is no escape, health mistakes chance there is no escape, we’re all ugly. there is no escape, protect your children there is no escape, from the future there is no escape, they spend their savings there is no escape, to land their pockets. there is no escape, just do one thing there is no escape, go and live it there is no escape, go and feel it there is no escape, go and live it there is no escape, no, no. there is no escape, no, no. there is no escape, no, no. there is no escape, no, go. escape, escape there is no escape escape. the future is nothing, just long gone, forgotten we’re living in hard days, awaiting in sorrow ‘cause we are the faces cold like this blinding there’s nothing all broken, there is no escape.
wax poetic'in on a ride albümünün en güzel şarkısı. ilhan erşahin sissy clemens diye bir hatunla çalışmışki, sesi dadından yenmiyor. daha şarkının başındaki o nefis gitar tonunu demiyorum bile.
aynı zamanda yönetmenliğini martin campbell'ın üstlendiği 1994 tarihli bilimkurgu.
