bruce springsteen klasiklerinden, born in the usa albümünden yüksek tempolu bir şarkı. pikaptan dinledikleri üç dakikalık şarkıdan okulda öğrendiklerinden çok daha fazlasını öğrenen, "teslim olmamaya" yeminli kankardeşlerin öyküsünü anlatır. we busted out of class had to get away from those fools we learned more from a three minute record than we ever learned in school tonight i hear the neighborhood drummer sound i can feel my heart begin to pound you say you're tired and you just want to close your eyes and follow your dreams down we made a promise we swore we'd always remember no retreat no surrender like soldiers in the winter's night with a vow to defend no retreat no surrender now young faces grow sad and old and hearts of fire grow cold we swore blood brothers against the wind i'm ready to grow young again and hear your sister's voice calling us home across the open yards well maybe we could cut someplace of our own with these drums and these guitars blood brothers in the stormy night with a vow to defend no retreat no surrender now on the street tonight the lights grow dim the walls of my room are closing in there's a war outside still raging you say it ain't ours anymore to win i want to sleep beneath peaceful skies in my lover's bed with a wide open country in my eyes and these romantic dreams in my head
bir bone thugs n harmony parçası "no surrender. no surrender. bizzy: my nigga just entered your business, so can i get a witness? can you duck? fuck the po-po, pow. startin' to kick this, gonna get my shit, and then you fucked up. me buck. me bang. niggas ain't talkin' 'bout them thangs. thugs remain, hang, swang with a click tight claim, come again, now. they drop down when i'm off the block. fuck them cops. me and krayzie runnin' through the boneyard, daily. gotta give 'em up to the glock-glock, so i can serve me thugs and maintain to the brain, and thugs remain to slang thangs. long live the dope game, and it won't end ya, as long as my niggas remember: no pretender. get right up off the clair, nigga, fuck it. no surrender. no surrender. layzie: not wantin' the copper to hit me, a lick up, found me a victim to stick up, pick up, rollin' the nine-ball, slippin' that's why me trippin', bloody victim, get him when the time calls, dog. take two-eleven, bailin', thuggin', knowin' these niggas well, then bone's fuckin' with the hoes, here comes them po-pos. nigga, that pig done peeped me, me gots to flees and get my creep on. bone get gone, hit a wrong turn, mash the gas, and dash on. jump outta the hottie, move me body, hittin' them cuts and trails, runnin' like we lunatics, gotta make it back to (?). escape and eludin' the chase, buckin' me gauge, so nigga, remember: me killa, me no surrender. me killa, me killa, me killa . . . no surrender. | wish: puttin' me on my knees, tellin' me move and i'm dead, 'cause i'm killin' all your bitches, turnin' them blue suits red. and then i'm comin' to that funeral to shoot that bitch up, because i know that's where y'all bitches is bound to meet up. cop killas, all up in they chest, and i know what to do with that vest, man. twenty-two shots. i killa. you don't wanna fuck with bone, nigga. and it really ain't shit to pu1l a trigger on a copper, 'cause if i go down, some of y'all goin' down, 'cause i'm goin' down poppin'. so muthafuck all coppers. let me catch you slippin', nigga, bet i pop ya. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. krayzie: ya better believe it's judgement day. so, nigga, just throw your pumps up in the air. now kill 'em, kill 'em copper, like ya just don't care. when they come, they come creepin'. me peepin'. gotta watch them po-pos sleepin', put 'em in deep in gutters. me keepin' 'til a me rich and gotta get mine, every time. this'll be over in nine nine, so, nigga, get down for the crime, gonna be more coppers dyin' in the line of fire. with thugs when i be slangin' my drugs, tryin' to cuff me and my nigga boy, gotta rip them guts, and lay your head in blood. better check yourself next time you test and try to smoke a nigga. bitch, remember: me killa. me no surrender. me no surrender. nigga, me no surrender. me no surrender. don't make me put one in ya. me no surrender. don't make me put one in ya. me no surrender. no surrender."
1689'daki derry kuşatmasında katoliklere karşı kenti savunan protestanların kullandığı slogan. bugün ise loyalistlerin mottosu.
boss'un the gaslight anthem vokalisti brian fallon'la birlikte söylediği versiyonu da enfestir.
