ba$rollerini russell crowe , helen slater ve etsushi toyokawa'nin payla$tigi fbi - yakuza cati$masini konu alan film..
helen slaterin aptal sarışın rolünde oynadığı, klasik baba-oğul-mafya üçgeninde geçen, russell croweun uzun saçlı halini görebileceğimiz film...
hareketli bi foo fighters sarkisi olup in your honor albümünde yer alir, ilk cd'nin 2.sarkisidir efenim ayni zamanda
co goni co katkılarıyla; lately i've been living in my head the rest of me is dead i'm dying for truth make me believe no more left and right come on take my side i'm fighting for you i'm fighting for you pleased to meet you, take my hand there is no way back from here pleased to meet you, say your prayers but i don't care no way back from here wake me i'm ready something don't seem right i was dreaming i was talking to you memory mend me you know i've seen my share of things i can't repair i'll break it to you
kerrang'ın haziran sayısında dave grohl ile yapılmış röportajdan: no way back -after best of you this sounded like a return to the 'classic' foo fighters sound. "i love that song and the record company wanted it be the first single, but to me it sounded too much like a foo fighters song. that song's kind of our signature sound and i was afraid that if we were to release that right off the bat then it was too safe and predictable. -where did the inspiration come from? "'no way back' is another song that i wrote right off the john kerry campaign trail. it has a lot to do with feeling controlled by a government that you didn't elect. we got a lot of questions when we first released the record because everybody thought the title was dedicated to john kerry, and it was influenced by that, but it wasn't dedicated to john kerry. but i kind of denied a lot of the political overtones because i didn't want to step on green day's toes or have people think we were a political band and i didn't want us to turn into rage against the machine. by leaving my perspective out of things it made it so general that other people decide their interpretation." diğer şarkı yorumları için: (bkz: everlong/#9948173) (bkz: best of you/#9948183) (bkz: all my life/#9948195) (bkz: my hero/#9948215) (bkz: this is a call/#9948224) (bkz: monkey wrench/#9948226) (bkz: learn to fly/#9948239)
norther in aynı adı taşıyan ep sinden harkulade bir parça. sözlerinde gecen i hide behind my smile and it hurts me inside kısmı beni benden alır. sözlerini de yazalımki tam olsun: i no longer feel where do my heart belong this shivering wind lies frozen into the core but the rain that whips my face covers my tears this dark shades of night hides my fears there’s no way no way back wherever i am walking i hide behind my smile and it hurts me inside i cry without shedding a tear once away they’re sincere still the wind blows and the rain falls on me and i know there’s no way no way back forever i am walking
foo fighters sarkisinin tam sozleri; lately, i've been livin' in my head the rest of me is dead, i've (i'm) dying for truth. make me, believe, no more left and right, come on take my side, i'm fightin' for you, i'm fightin' for you. pleased to meet you take my hand, there is no way back from here, pleased to meet you say your prayers, there is no way back from here, but i don't care, no way back from here. wake me, i'm ready, somethin' don't seem right, i was dreamin', i was talkin' to you, memory, mend me, no one's seen my share, things i can't repair, i'm breakin' to you, i'm breakin' to you. pleased to meet you take my hand, there is no way back from here, pleased to meet you say your prayers, there is no way back from here, but i don't care, no way back from, here. (yeeeaaa, yeaah!) pleased to meet you take my hand, there is no way back from here, pleased to meet you say your prayers, there is no way back from here, but i don't care, no way back from, here!
