claudine longet'nin "the party" filminde soyledigi henry mancini/don black imzali parca. sozleri soyledir: nothing to lose* if we are wise we're not expecting rainbow-colored skies not right away nothing to lose* it might be fun no talk of spending lifetimes in the sun although we may both you and i have seen what time can do we'll only hurt ourselves if we build dreams that don't come true what can we lose* we know the score let's wait before we talk of evermore one day we may nothing to lose* but much to gain if love decides to stay both you and i have seen what time can do we'll only hurt ourselves if we build dreams that don't come true what can we lose* we know the score let's wait before we talk of evermore one day we may nothing to lose* but much to gain if love decides to stay nothing to lose* ayrica; (bkz: the party) (bkz: claudine longet) (bkz: henry mancini) (bkz: peter sellers)
(bkz: fight club)
claudine longet bu sarkiyi soylerken ozellikle fransiz aksaniyla ingilizce konusur. kendisinin guzelligi, aksaninin sirinligi, sarkinin yumusakligi gibi sebeplerden oturu, sadece gitar ile calinan bir sarkida piyano sesi ne ariyor gibi sorular akliniza dahi gelmez. the party'yi izleme sebeplerinden biridir.
tim robbins'in örümcekten kurtulma sahnesinde scatman'in bi bap bap barapbop şarkısı eşliğinde paçaları tutuşarak dansetmesi defalarca izlense de yarabilme özelliğine sahiptir.
eglenceli bir girlschool sarkisi..
dirty deeds şarkısı ayrıca. danger of infection'dan
operator grubunun bir şarkısı. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcco9xphjvo
huzunlu bir billy talent şarkısıdır kendisi. need more friends with wings all the angels i know put concrete in my veins i’d always walk home alone so i became lifeless just like my telephone there’s nothing to lose when no one knows your name there’s nothing to gain but the days don’t seem to change never played truth or dare i’d have to check my mirror to see if i’m still here my parents had no clue that i ate all my lunches alone in the bathroom there’s nothing to lose when no one knows your name there’s nothing to gain but the days don’t seem to change there’s nothing to lose my notebook will explain there’s nothing to gain and i can’t fight the pain teach us that it’s just a phase when i grow up my children will probably do the same kids just love to tease i know it put me under ground at seventeen there’s nothing to lose when no one knows your name there’s nothing to gain but the days don’t seem to change there’s nothing to lose my notebook will explain there’s nothing to gain and i can’t fight the pain there’s nothing to lose when no one knows your name there’s nothing to gain but the days don’t seem to change there’s nothing to lose when no one knows your name there’s nothing to gain and i just died today
ba$rollerinde tim robbins ve martin lawrence'in oynadigi 97 yapimi film. kelly preston ve john c mcginley'i de görebiliriz. eglenceli bir filmdir, sevilir.
diamond head'in 2007 yılında çıkardığı what's in your head adlı albümün dokuzuncu parçası; sözleri ise şöyledir; all the people look the same something's got to give i need a change so down this road i go with jimmy showing me the way to go got to free me got to break this chain get out get away a new town a new day i wanna get me more i can't be living a lie anymore i'm gonna find what i'm looking for got nothing to lose nothing to prove nothing to live for anymore take it from me i'm not what you see i'm not the same man you knew before i'm not the same baby i've changed i was deep down in a hole and i think i'm gonna lose control never had a hope in hell where i'm going only time will tell gonna take my chances let it roll get out get away a new town a new day i wanna get me more i can't be living a lie anymore i'm gonna find what i'm looking for got nothing to lose nothing to prove nothing to live for anymore take it from me i'm not what you see i'm not the same man you knew before nothing to lose nothing to prove i'm not the same man you knew before i'm not the same baby i've changed i'm gonna choose a path with a heart and i really think it's time to start got nothing to lose got nothing got nothing to prove got nothing i got nothing to lose got nothing i got nothing to prove got nothing i got nothing i got nothing i got nothing to lose got nothing i got nothing i got nothing i got nothing to lose nothing to prove
müzikleri çok iyiymiş bu filmin. route 66 ile buena ard arda çaldı.
aynı zamanda csi miami üçüncü sezon on altıncı bölümünün adı.
ayrıca bir forty deuce albümüdür. oh my god i still start it up complicated say heaven stand up next to me standing in the rain wanted nothin to lose
bir red hot chili peppers b-sideıdır (bkz: can't stop). stüdyo kaydı mevcut olmayıp, canlı olarak kaydedilmiştir. a little bit of paper but that's ok i got sure an i got her today hanging out winds to meet my four this time i call my lord my lord, my lord a little bit of stage to cast our play i got ten men to come my way check it to the betty to miss my love now take it baby for come my way a little bit of love a little bit of love, that's ok take it down the city to mast our care a little better to come my way shake it down to dig my lord come on then drama king an bear my soul that's ok my lord, whoa my lord. i can touch you on your skin a time to come an a time to begin i like looking into your eyes girl come one the oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah take it then! i saw you sittin to park my floor i saw you begging to give me more i saw you dancing around my head now how'd you like to stab my brain want you want oh, what you need come on. what you really, yeah! really! how you gonna stop this here whoa that's enough. yeah! nothing to lose, everything to gain i say it's only on knew you on time better sit down for... away... you say you faster than the drummers in your life well i said that's ok. i've been made up of everything you know sometimes it goes your way. you're ratted on well that's ok yeah! that's ok. (today) your seven years but don't hold three i got a feeling that is so free i'm coming out to give my teacher for tell me of course i've grown she's comin about seven dates an i'm free to lead (vocal improvisation, words made up) she lives hard an need but that's ok cause i live on the west an you know what i'm gonna say, y'all i got my team, that's ok you don't funk they go your way (made up words again) yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah whoa, whoa, whoa! whatever you do, the mirror's what you bring it the mirror's what you make it the mirror's what make it it's what you make it. oooooo, it's all the love for you, ooooooo. i feel it cast, reelin, tired, stealin' for feel it. falling i'm coming for you the two high long time for your life it's a blank canvas, you can make it whatever you wanna make it it's fresh snow, don't piss in it. this is your fucking life thank you for coming to the show. we love all of you, we love all of you, we love all of you, we love all of yooooooooooou...
