november rain'in can alıcı cümlesi, insanı titretip kendine getirten dize.. "hiç bir şey sonsuza dek sürmez" gibi pek çok yöne çekilebilecek bir anlama sahip cümle.
and we both know hearts can change seklinde devam eden gnr dizesi.
echo and the bunnymen'in 1997 yılında* çıkardığı* evergreen albümünden 6* numara . . . benim ise 2001'de ancak hiçbir şeyin sonsuz olmadığını anlayıp* dinlemeye başladığım, bir ömür boyu top bilmemkaçlarımdan asla çıkmayacak kulağıma küpe parçam . . . ** i want it now i want it now not the promises of what tomorrow brings i need to live in dreams today i'm tired of the song that sorrow sings i want more than i can get just trying to trying to trying to forget i walk to you through winds of fire and never let you know the way i feel under skin is where i hide love that always gets me on my knees i want more than i can get just trying to trying to trying to forget nothing ever lasts forever nothing ever lasts forever nothing ever lasts forever nothing ever lasts forever i want it now i want it now don’t tell me that my ship is coming in nothing comes to those who wait times running out before you're running in i want more than i can get just trying to trying to trying to forget nothing ever lasts forever nothing ever lasts forever nothing ever lasts forever nothing ever lasts forever all the shadows and the fields* are coming to you all the shadows and the fields* are coming to you all the shadows and the fields* are coming to you
i think so... dedirten söz öbeği.
(bkz: nothing really ends)
öyle anlar olur ki daha önce hiç dikkatinizi çekmeyen bir cümle insanı beyninden vurulmuşa çevirir,işte bu cümle de november rain'in insanı beyinden vurulmuşa çeviren cümlesidir.
ardindan "and we both know hearts can change" diyerek bir kez daha surunduren november rainin efsane lirigi.
(bkz: #3103611)
(bkz: herşey biter)
(bkz: guns n roses)
"even cold novermber rain." seklinde devam eden ve o sirada insani nerelere goturup geri getirdigi bir turlu anlasilamayan sarki sozu.
ilk 8 sayısı kitap olarak da çıkacak olan bir sanal dergi: http://www.nlfmagazine.com/
"... but the earth and sky" diye devam eden scorpions klasiğini* hatırlatan, çok doğru söz öbeği. hem acı, hemde tatlı olabilen, kendini avutma cümlesi ayrıcada.
(bkz: diamonds are forever)
(bkz: no one lives forever)
1984 tarihli film, yönetmeni ve senaristi tom schiller. güncel sanat, tüketim toplumu gibi olguları da eleştiren, biraz fantastik, azıcık grotesk; ilginç ama pek bilinmeyen bir film.
maroon 5in 2007 çıkışlı albümü it won t be soon before longun 6. şarkısı. sözleri ise şöyle: it is so easy to see dysfunction between you and me we must free up these tired souls before the sadness kills us both i tried and tried to let you know i love you but i'm letting go it may not last but i don't know just don't know if you don't know then you can't care and you show up but you're not there but i'm waiting and you want to still afraid that i will desert you everyday with every worthless word we get more far away the distance between us makes it so hard to stay but nothing lasts forever, but be honest babe it hurts but it may be the only way a bed that's warm with memories can heal us temporarily the misbehaving only makes the ditch between us so damn deep built a wall around my heart i’ll never let it fall apart but strangely i wish secretly it would fall down while i'm asleep if you don't know then you can't care and you show up but you're not there but i'm waiting and you want to still afraid that i will desert you, babe everyday with every worthless word we get more far away the distance between us makes it so hard to stay but nothing lasts forever, but be honest babe it hurts but it may be the only way tough we have not hit the ground it doesn't mean we're not still falling, oh i want so bad to pick you up but you're still too reluctant to accept my help what a shame, i hope you find somewhere to place the blame but until then the fact remains everyday with every worthless word we get more far away the distance between us makes you so hard to stay nothing lasts forever, but be honest babe it hurts but it may be the only way everyday with every worthless word we get more far away the distance between us makes it so hard to stay but nothing lasts forever, but be honest babe it hurts but it may be the only way
roderick thorp'un 1979 tarihli macera romanının adı. dedektif joe leland, los angeles'taki büyük bir şirketin genel merkezinde çalışan kızını ziyarete gider. ziyaret esnasında bir grup alman terörist binayı ele geçirip herkesi rehin alınca leland, tek başına teröristlere karşı savaşmaya başlar. konudan da anlaşılabileceği gibi die hard bu kitaptan sinemaya uyarlanmıştır.
maroon 5'ın anlattığı durumu birebir yaşarken dinlendiğinde, "paralel evrende ben mi yazdım acaba bunu?" demeye sebebiyet veren şarkı. çaresizlik üstüne gelen üzüntü, ardından ne yapacağını bilmezlik, sonra bir umut ama yeniden gelen, emin olamamanın çaresizliği iç içe geçiyor bu şarkıda, sonra da içinizden geçiyor.
die hard filminin uyarlandığı roman. aslında commando filminin devamı için bu romandan bir senaryo çıkartılmış ama arnold schwarzenegger reddedince ortaya bruce willis'in oynadığı die hard çıkmış.
natalia kills reyizin güzel parçası. bi de klip çekse tam olacak. http://www.youtube.com/…v=obrtwpgaovu&feature=share
seksi hatunum natalia kills, bu şarkıda ironik ve ukala vokalleriyle dikkat çekmektedir. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun. you got a face like a doll will it last forever, no i just want your beautiful you don't need to think about it tell me things i wanna hear take the truth, i'll take the dare feed me lies and eat my fear cut the chase and get right to it we might never meet again (this might be the last time) kiss me like the end will end (press your lips right up my spine) pull that shirt, i'll pull the shade (dirty secrets, dirty lies) you can be my last regret my last regret you're beautiful don't know your name it's all the same nothing lasts forever babe you take it off i throw it all away i gave it to you first nothing lasts forever babe cash, cars, girls, boys nothing lasts forever babe hot nights, bright lights nothing lasts forever babe true love, first touch, nothing lasts forever nothing lasts forever nothing lasts forever babe [billy kraven] you taste like i like it acid mixed with alcohol step me up to take the fall nothing i can do about it hey don't take it personal worth the pain, i'm versatile quick before they milk it all no one gives a f*ck about it. we might never meet again (this might be the last time) kiss me like the end will end (press your lips right up my spine) pull that shirt, i'll pull the shade (dirty secrets, dirty lies) you can be my last regret my last regret you're beautiful don't know your name it's all the same nothing lasts forever babe you take it off i throw it all away i gave it to you first nothing lasts forever babe cash, cars, girls, boys nothing lasts forever babe hot nights, bright lights nothing lasts forever babe true love, first touch, nothing lasts forever nothing lasts forever nothing lasts forever babe you're beautiful don't know your name nothing lasts forever babe you take it off i throw it all away nothing lasts forever babe nothing lasts forever babe nothing lasts forever babe nothing lasts forever nothing lasts forever nothing lasts forever babe cash, cars, girls, boys nothing lasts forever babe hot nights, bright lights nothing lasts forever babe true love, first touch, nothing lasts forever nothing lasts forever nothing lasts forever babe hiçbir şey sonsuza dek sürmez bebeğim deyişine kurban. iyi mi dedin kötü mü?
