(bkz: number 1)
(bkz: 1 numara)
playgroupun keyifli şarkısı. klibindeki robot vari yaratığın hareketleri inanılmaz yaratılmıştır.
meşhur uss enterprise kaptanlarından jean luc picard'ın emir komuta zincirinde* kendisinden hemen sonra gelen birinci subayına* seslenme şekli...
helloween pink bubbles go ape albümünden dördüncü şarkı each time when one more year was over you refused to hear heavven's bells sound and the happiness in you heart's been set lower you were searching for friends but no one seemed to be 'round you merely should think of the good times 'cos there are so many ways you can go take a look at yourself, you're still very young and big aims always take very long now it's time for happiness, stay hard and trust your fate don't forget you're something else you'll never be too late trust your fathers' mighty spell you'll never be alone fate will always turn out well and you'll be number one shout at the world don't care what they say 'cos your life is now, here and today luck is there, ev'rywhere go on, reap its goods, that's the way you wanna have truth, relief from your pain but life takes its toll again and again don't fear the night--your future is paid and the tracks to your aims are laid now it's time. . .
sali gunleri dummy de cikan hepyek adli grubun gitaristine soylemeniz durumunda size bira ismarlamasini saglayacak kelime
karaburun da oldukça ucuz, neredeyse denizin içinde bir balık restoranı
argoda, "küçük beşyüz-büyük bir milyon" ifadesindeki küçük'e tekabül eder. "büyük" ise number two olarak bilinir.
şahsi kanaatimce helloween'in en güzel şarkılarından biridir.
styx'in 1999 ürünü brave new world albümünün 4 şarkısı. sözler : you can't be still you're such a nervous fellow like a yo-yo up and down take this little pill and life will be so mellow you'll feel the world start slowing down around who's that rushing out the door who's not taking any more who's been down this road before without you you tell me who's number one who's not here who's having fun who's the one who cares this much about you you won't feel the pain you won't mind the rain you can be happy all the time all the time one dose twice a day the world will go away you'll be smiling through the worst of times who's that rushing out the door who's not taking any more who's been down this road before without you you tell me who's number one who's not here who's having fun who's the one who knows so much about you i believe i belive there's something more i believe it's just beyond the door i believe there's something more i believe it's just beyond the door i believe there's something better out there wanna leave this world so far behind i can see your face there in my mind i believe there's something better our there who's that rushing who's not taking who's been down this you tell me who's who's not here who's who's the one who something better something better something better something better something better
çok gaz bir manowar parçası. sözleri de yazalım tam olsun.. we belong to the world we belong to the wind we are the spirit of the competition's end turning hours into days burning muscles feel the pain the heart and soul of discipline my friends we are sending you a challenge it's very clear we came to win that is why we are here demanding to be tested, tested by the best not to be forgotten like all the rest the time has come all the training done the muscle and the blood will come to pay let the game begin hear the starting gun play from the heart today we will overcome when the game is over all the counting's done we were born to win number 1 today is the day all the training through we have come for the number one not the number two let the contest begin play hard fight to win immortality victory and fame the time has come all the training done the muscle and the blood will come to pay let the game begin hear the starting gun play from the heart today we will overcome when the game is over all the counting's done we were born to win number 1 today is the day all the training through we have come for the number one not the number two let the contest begin play hard fight to win immortality victory and fame let the game begin hear the starting gun play from the heart today we will overcome when the game is over all the counting's done we were born to win number 1
stevie ray vaughanın 1973 senesinde satın aldığı 1962 model stratına verdiği isim
insanı garip psikolojilere sürükleyen helloween şarkısı.insan çok mutlu olduğu bir anda dinlerse;mutluluğu katlanabilir;ağlayabilir mutluluktan.psikolojisi bozukken dinlerse;hayat aslında güzel der ve neden işler iyiye gitmiyor diye yine ağlayabilir. *
sır'ın bir şarkısıdır ayrıca.
(bkz: my number one)
helloween'in deği$im içerisindeki ruh halinin $arkılara yansımasının en iyi göstergelerinden.kiske abimizin sesi müthi$.sözler ise keeper of the seven keys'i yaratmı$ weikath abimizin.hem endorfin salgılatır hem de hüzünlendirir.böyle de bir $arkıdır.nacizane çevirisi de $öyledir*[tearmaiden'a da yardımları icin te$ekkür falan filan fi$mekan] bir seneyi daha,her devirdiğinde cennetin çan sesini duymayı reddettin ve kalbindeki mutluluk azaldığında kimse yoktu ortalıkta,arkada$larını aradığında yalnızca iyi zamanları dü$ünmelisin çünkü gidebileceğin birçok yol var kendine bir bak,hala çok gençsin ve büyük hedefler hep uzun zaman alır $imdi mutlu olma zamanı, sağlam kal ve talihine güven kendinin de gec kalamayacagın bir ba$ka $ey oldugunu unutma tanrı'nın güçlü mucizesine inan,hiçbir zaman yalnız olmayacaksın talihin hep dönecek ve bir numara olacaksın sustur dünyayı,umursama ne söylediklerini çünkü senin hayatın $u an ve bugün $ans burada,heryerde git ve yakala,yol bu seni acılarından kurtaracak gerçekleri istiyorsun ancak hayat bedeli ödetir yine ve yine geceden korkma,geleceğinin hakkı ödendi ve seni hedeflerine vardıracak izler önceden serildi $imdi mutlu olma zamanı...
ingilizce'de "çiş" anlamina da gelir. (bkz: number two)
pharrell williams'in kanye west ile soyledigi sarki. pek bir 70'ler, sanki bir jackson 5 havali olmus giib geldi. sozlerini de... [intro - kanye west] and (pharrell) world's... world's... world's famous (2x) your now listenin to (girl) skateboard p and the louis vuitton don (i'm back) it's so unfair so unreasonable let's go [verse 1 - pharrell] end (kanye) i musta hurt your feelings (come on) your temper hit the ceiling you know i wanna talk to you (get em p) oh girl come on (come on) but to maintain this livin (come on come on) god knows it's not given (come on) you know i got a lots to do (let's take em up) oh girl come on (come on) i know this part ain't pretty (come on come on) but you know i been busy (yeah) thats why i can't talk long on the phone (uh huh) oh girl come on (come on) so honey if you with me (come on come on) know i'll look for your pretty (yeah) face to smile when i get home and when we make love you know it's gon' be amazin (yeah) cause you're my [chorus - pharrell] and (kanye) number 1 (baby girl you and me) smash hit (thats a hit to me) off the charts (look how she get to me) classic (she may not be nothin to you but she the shit to me) soon as i'm done (tell me how you love that) i'm dashin (number 1 can't put nothin above that) home to hold your heart (you deserve a verse from me) and smash it (we gon' party like it's our anniversary) go [verse 2 - pharrell] and (kanye) didn't i just tell ya (yo) that you're my cinderella (get em p) my dream ball ain't fixed one sight (come on) oh girl come on (come on come on) baby.. you know i'd rather be where you are (world's famous) you are my shining star but last night that just wasn't right oh girl come on (come on come on) i know this part ain't pretty (come on) but you know i been busy thats why i can't talk long on the phone (the international) it's hard for you baby girl come on (world's famous) so honey if you with me (yeah) know i'll look for your pretty (everybody) face to smile when i get home (i need you to sing along with me) and when we make love you know it's gon' be amazin (this part right here it's comin up check it out) cause you're my (everybody say) [chorus - pharrell] and (kanye) (2x) number 1 (baby girl you and me) smash hit (thats a hit to me) off the charts (look how she get to me) classic (she may not be nothin to you but she the shit to me) soon as i'm done (tell me how you love that) i'm dashin (number 1 can't put nothin above that) home to hold your heart (you deserve a verse from me) and smash it (we gon' party like it's our anniversary) go [verse 3 - kanye west] yesterday i was half the man you see baby thats because you the other half of me you my number 1 hit on the line of the charts i'mma +fedex+ my love and have you +sign+ for my heart for my number 1 i keep ya dumb fly fresh to death you like after death i resurrected my gold jesus of nazareth now we +fresh+ as a +prince+ while they +jazzy jeff+ and you don't be sayin shit when they askin questions a-a-and you be givin me my space a-a-and you don't be runnin on +myspace+ a-a-and you know some other shit i hate w-w-what w-w-when they violate b-but tonight man i ain't in the mood for it don't matter who or you or look how ya co-or dinated man that's my favorite i love the way that it [chorus - pharrell] and (kanye) number 1 (fits on you) smash hit (girl that's the shit on you) off the charts (look how she get to me) classic (she may not be nothin to you but she the shit to me) soon as i'm done (t-tell me how you love that) i'm dashin (number 1 can't put nothin above that) home to hold your heart (you deserve a verse from me) and smash it (we gon' party like it's our anniversary) number 1 (come on come on) smash hit (you're my number 1 girl) (come on) off the charts classic (you're my number 1 girl) (come on) soon as i'm done (come on come on) i'm dashin (you're my number 1 girl) (come on) home to hold your heart and smash it (you're my number 1 girl) (take em up) [outro - kanye] and (pharrell) world's... world's... world's famous (you're my number 1 girl) world's... world's... world's famous (you're my number 1 girl) world's... world's... world's famous (you're my number 1 girl) world's... world's... world's famous (you're my number 1 girl)
hoş klipli bir pharrell ve kanye west düeti.
bleach adlı animenin en gaz soundtracklerinden biridir. 4-5 tane de ayrı versiyonu var. aha bu da sözleri; if you wanna see some action gotta be the centre of attraction make sure that they got their eyes on you, like the face that you see on every magazine be the focus of attention be the name that every one must mention come out from the shadows, it's your time, cos tonight is the night for everyone to see it's natural you know that this is where you gotta be, it must be your destiny sensational and you believe that, this is what you've waited for and it's you that they all adore, so baby now you feel like number one shining bright for everyone living out your fantasy, the brightest star for all to see now you feel like number one shining bright for everyone living out your fantasy, you're the brightest star there's ever been feel the heat that's all around you flashing lights and ecstasy surround you everybody wants a piece of you; you're the queen of the scene, living in a dream it's natural you know that this is where you gotta be, it must be your destiny sensational and you believe that, this is what you've waited for and it's you that they all adore now you feel like number one shining bright for everyone living out your fantasy, the brightest star for all to see this is what you've waited for and it's you that they all adore now you feel like number one shining bright for everyone living out your fantasy, the brightest star for all to see now you feel like number one shining bright for everyone living out your fantasy, you're the brightest star there's ever been
uçaktaki kabin şefine verilen isimdir.
pek muhtesem bir bill moss parcasi. sozlerini ben bulamadim, bulabilen varsa koyar. velhasili kelam soulseverler icin kesinlikle dinlenilesidir.
(bkz: n1)
bittiği an'da insanın baştan açıp kafasında kendince klip bile yapmasına vesile olan manowar şarkısıdır.
kısa zamanda yazar olması beklenen bir çaylak.
hazel fernandes tarafından can verilen bleach soundtrack'i, belki de en gaz vericisi. seri açısından büyük önemi vardır, öyle ki bleach forumlarında "when a black? women starts to sing, it means shits gonna go down" derler.
aynı zamanda my name is earl dizisinin birinci sezon yirmi dördüncü bölümünün adı.
(bkz: tuğçe çetinkaya)
bleach animesinin , ichigo yenilirken bir anda ruh enerjisi patlaması yaparak bizleri şaşkına uğratmak amacıyla kullandığı şarkı.hatta şarkı değil bu , bildiğin doping de diyebiliriz.zira şarkıyı mp3 çalara atıp dinledikçe onu da yaparım ki ,bunu da yaparım ki moduna giriyorsunuz.hazel fernandes daha iyisini yapana kadar şimdilik duyduğum en gaz verici , moral düzeltici , imkansızı başarırım hissi veren şarkı.şarkının tüm versiyonları yaklaşık 40-45 dk sürüyor.ha ichigo orda uçar kaçarken şarkının bu kadar mükemmel olduğunu anlamıyorsunuz o ayrı.animeden bağımsız tüketilmesini öneriyorum.
