serena williams denilen tenisçinin yakında (1 eylül) çıkacak olan kitabı.. arkadaş bir de sit-com falan yazacak daha.. durun bakalım dünyayı daha ne zorluklar bekliyor, bu hiçbir şey..
pek bilinmeyen michael jackson şarkılarından biri. sözleri de burada ; no sense pretending its over hard times just don't go away you gotta take that chip off your shoulder it's time you open up have some faith nothing good ever comes easy all good things come in due time yes it does you gotta have something to believe in i'm telling you to open your mind gotta put your heart on the line if you wanna make it right you've got to reach out and try gotta put your heart on the line if you wanna make it right gotta put it all on the line you see yourself in the mirror and you don't like what you see and things aren't getting much clearer don't you think it's time you go for a change, oh don't waste your time on the past, no, no it's time you look to the future, oh it's all right there if you ask this time if you try much harder you'll be the best that you can be gotta put your heart on the line if you wanna make it right you've got to reach out and try gotta put your heart on the line if you wanna get it right gotta put it all on the line if you wanna make it right if you're gonna do it now you gotta learn to try you can make it work somehow let love come free and that's just so easy now you gotta go for what you want you gotta do what you got to do gotta put your heart on the line if you wanna make it right you've got to reach out and try gotta put your heart on the line if you wanna make it right gotta put it all on the line
dinlemesi çok zevkli graham nash şarkısı. 1973 çıkışlı wild tales albümünden. hanging around is holding me down i'm starting to frown at everyone i see, i'm taking the calls and playing the halls, but staring at walls is all i ever see. so is the money i make worth the price that i pay? can i make it to the end of the line? don't the wind blow cold when you're hanging your soul on the line? and you're driving to work you're wearing your shirt you're dialing the dirt with everyone you see. you're taking a loss, you envy the boss, you're counting the cost of everything you see. but is the money you make worth the price that you pay? can you make it at the end of the line? don't the wind blow cold when you're hanging your soul on the line? oooh, and you know that it's true that i've watched you go far playing guitar being a star for everyone to see. and i'm filming my dreams from limousines and thinking of scenes for everyone to see. but is the money you make worth the price that you pay? can you make it at the end of the line? don't the wind blow cold when you're hanging your soul on the line?
ing. peşin (ödeme)
ing. ipin ucunda, tehlikede. misal veriyorum: patron: your job is on the line. çalışan: yousif! yousiff!
2001 yapımı bir amerikan filmi. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0279286/ 3,6/10 puan almış bir film için çok bile bilgi verdim.
house 7 - 20 ile karşımıza çıkan the limetree warehouse şarkısı. sözleri de gelsin: katie, don’t throw in the towel, let me dry you off i’ll shower you with love and then you’ll cower cause i’m not hard-hearted like jack bauer. i think about you every second, how long will the pain last do you reckon? you used to be my little sickling but now it’s me that needs some fixing. well, what is it about the time, and what is it about the place, and what is it about your face that keeps me on the line? well don’t you love me anyway? i don’t know,” are the only words you’ll say. i told you that i’m here to stay, and i meant it: i’m here to stay. well, what is it about the time, and what is it about the place, and what is it about your face that keeps me on the line? i don’t know if i can be with you! i don’t know if i can be with you! i don’t know if i can be with you! i don’t know if i can be with you!
bbc'nin people's century ( yaşadığımız yüzyıl diye çevrilmiş ) belgeselinin ilgili çekici bölümü. taylorism, fordism, seri üretimin ortaya çıkışı, sendikal hareketlerin ortaya çıkışı gibi konulara ilgi duyanların mutlaka izlemesi gereken bir bölüm. linki de şurada: http://societies.docuwat.ch/…the-line/?channel_id=0
