ilk rollerde george clooney ve michelle pfeiffer'in oynadığı bi romantik komedi denemesi... ikisi de iş insanı, ikisinin de çocukları war ve boşanmışlar, öylesine tanışıyolar, birbirlerine yardımcı oluyolar, eğleniorlar, çocuklar da bınnarı sevior; başarılı bi film olmuştu. özellikle "kendini beğendirme" çabaları güzeldi ve filmdeki fotoğraflar... komik diyaloglar yoktu ama komik tawırlar, mimikler wardı, gülerek, sevecen bi halde izlemiştim... olur bu film.
(bkz: one a day)
carol king sarkilarindan... sevdigi erkegin bir gun kendisine asik olacagina inancini kaybetmeyen kizlara kahvalti sonrasinda, bir bardak portakal suyu esliginde dinlemeleri tavsiye edilir. boyle bon bon tek tarafli olarak asik olduklari erkegin sonunda baska bir hanim kizla birlikte oldugunu ogrendiklerinde de buzlu su icerek yanan iclerini sondurmeleri gerekecegini simdiden buradan bildirmekte yarar vardir. one fine day, you'll look at me and you will know our love was, meant to be one fine day, you're gonna want me for your girl the arms i long for, will open wide and you'll be proud to have me, right by your side one fine day, you're gonna want me for your girl though i know you're the kind of boy who onlu wants to run around i'll keep waiting, and, someday darling you'll come to me when you want to settle down, oh! one fine day, we'll meet once more and then you'll want the love you threw away before one fine day, you're gonna want me for your girl
vokalini beth hirsch’in yaptigi jakatta’nin visions albumunun basarili single’i. ozellikle videosu gercekten guzel bir gunu gosteriyor.imrenmemek elde degil.
bu isimde bir sarki da camouflage'in methods of silence albumunde yer alir. sozleri : i hear your spirit calling, i hold your hand and see you falling into the debris of it all. we're making love and living in dreams, we crash through walls, but no one wants to hear the screams, and no one knows the way or where it ends. anytime, any day, we may find a way one fine day.
the offspring şarkısı. bir halay klasiği.
söz konusu offspring şarkısının önemli bir kısmında ritm gitar "civ civ çıkıcak kuş çıkıcak çıkı, civ civ çıkıcak kuş çıkıcak çıkı" modunda bir ritm tutar. bir de darbuka olsaymış beah.
robbie williams şarkısı. escapology albümünün amerika'da satışa sunulan versiyonunda bonus track olarak bulunur. sözleri: i like to reminisce about a time i’ve never had a book that no one read a film that never made me sad and you remind of a place i’ve never been and something no one said when i was 17 one fine day in the middle of the night you’ll wake up in it one fine day in the middle of the night but you probably won’t admit it remember when we never struggled through a bad time we never had a love we never fell into please don’t remind me to forget cause forgiveness is a place i ain’t got used to yet one fine day in the middle of the night you’ll wake up in it one fine day in the middle of the night but you probably won’t admit it all i ever wanted was to radiate your home but i guess it doesn’t matter so come reminisce about a time we didn’t have i hear there’s a sequel to that film that never made you sad don’t rewrite my history cause you’ll never really know how much you didn’t mean to me one fine day in the middle of the night you’ll wake up in it one fine day in the middle of the night but you probably won’t admit it
1996 yapımı michael hoffman yönetmenliğinde gerçekleştirilmiş, michelle pfeiffer ve george clooney in başrollerini paylaştığı ve ben de akşam akşam kariyer ve çocuk yapma(yapılmasına yardım etme) daha sonra boşanma arzusu uyandırmış abd yapımı film.
ayrıca bugun trt 1 de yayınlanan fılm. sonuna dogru baktım fılme. her zaman kı gıbı mıchelle pfeiffer "eeeaaa yanii eeeeaaaa sizz tanımıyo musunuz onu" seklınde geveleyip bisiler anlatiodu. bu kadın her filmde ayni hareketleri yapmak zorunda mı ?
(bkz: a fine day to exit)
beth hirsch'in sesiyle günümü gün, huzuru huzur eden en güzel jakatta şarkısı*.. looking around, with my new conformation, broken you down, what is love, what is fear. make a new sound, open up my mouth to let it out, set it free. turning around, where was one to question to the rain, now can be one fine day, one fine day is today, one fine day (day), one fine day. catching a wave, may no change, may no feelings, pulling me in, this time nobody too. better be brave, cocked in the sunlight and the cave, i must choose. comin' of age, even my mistakes have turned the page, i won't loose one fine day, one fine day is today, one fine day (day), one fine day. i know life can be what simmers in your heart, one fine day, i know everyone exactly as they are, who you are? one fine day, one fine day is today, one fine day, one fine day...
takeshi kitano'nun chacun son cinema için çektiği kısa filmi. http://www.dailymotion.com/…one-fine-day_shortfilms
bir kadını tanımlamak için içinde çok sağlam bir söz bulunduran film. --- spoiler --- i met someone today lew. she is luminous. --- spoiler ---
the offspring'in conspiracy of one albümünden güzide bir parça. şair hayalindeki mükemmel günün arkadaşlarıyla içerek ve etrafı vandalize ederek geçireceği bir gün olacağını anlatıyor. if i had a perfect day i would have it start this way open up the fridge and have a tall boy yeah then i'd meet up with my friends head out to the game again we don't even really care who wins now excitement seems to grow when we're hangin' with the bro's when we're chillin' and we pound a case of stroh's now the game is cool to see you can "high 5" on tv count the riot on the one two three operation is in sight and the field is open wide when you break it then you know you're still alive if the cops don't make you pay and you make your getaway then you know that's one fine day on that day before we're through we could torch a car or two then have ourselves another tall boy yeah water hoses and batons that's the real game that's on i don't really give a shit who wins now excitement seems to grow when we're hangin' with the bro's when we're chillin' and we pound a case of stroh's now the game is cool to see you can "high 5" on tv count the riot on the one two three operation is in sight and the field is open wide when you break it then you know you're still alive if the cops don't make you pay and you make your getaway then you know that's one fine day i believe it's my god-given right to destroy everything in my sight cause it never gets dull, it never gets old the only thing it gets is more bold drinkin', fightin', going to the game in our world it's a way to stay sane if you're asking me to have it my way, i'd say that's one fine day
