paul simonun filmi. bir minibuste uc arkadasiyla turlayan bir muzisyenin, kadinlarla, muzik piyasasi ve hayat ile olan cebellesmeleri anlatilir. kurt yapimci rolunde bir ara lou reed de gorunur
bu filmin albümünde çalan ve filmde "grup"u oynayan kadro: steve gadd, tony levin, eric gale, richard tee. the b-52s de rakip grup olarak kısaca görünür. lou reed, grubun r&b müziğini diskoya çeviren hain bir prodüktördür. lou reed'in şarkıyı piç etmek üzere getirdiği saksofoncu da david sanborn'dur.
plagina sahip oldugum ama cok da sevmedigim bir paul simon soundtrack albumudur.
sadece bir tek isi becerebilen insanlar icin kullanilan ingilizce deyim.
ayrıca bir paul simon şarkısı. sözleri... he's a one trick pony one trick is all that horse can do he does one trick only it's the principal source of his revenue and when he steps into the spotlight you can feel the heat of his heart come rising through see how he dances see how he loops from side to side see how he prances the way his hooves just seem to glide he's just a one trick pony (that's all he is) but he turns that trick with pride he makes it look so easy he looks so clean he moves like god's immaculate machine he makes me think about all of these extra movements i make and all of this herky-jerky motion and the bag of tricks it takes to get me through my working day one-trick pony he's a one trick pony he either fails or he succeeds he gives his testimony then he relaxes in the weeds he's got one trick to last a lifetime but that's all a pony needs (that's all he needs) he looks so easy he looks so clean he moves like god's immaculate machine he makes me think about all of these extra movements i make and all of this herky-jerky motion and the bag of tricks it takes to get me through my working day one-trick pony, one trick pony one-trick pony, one trick pony one-trick pony (take me for a ride) one trick pony
douglas adams'ın evrenin sonundaki restoran'ı yazarken -yani beş yıl gibi uzun bir süre- durmaksızın dinlediği paul simon albümüymüş.
4x4=12 albümünden bir deadmau5 şarkısıdır aynı zamanda.
