chip dunham'ın çizdiği, bir gemideki korsanların maceralarının anlatıldığı nefis bant karikatür. sık sık zekice düşüncelere rastgeliyorsunuz. ara sıra çizer kendisi, çizer tanrı olarak konuk olur çizdiklerine.
garry marshall'ın yönettiği, kurt russell ve goldie hawn'un oynadığı bi film. goldie hawn zengin bi kaltaktır. kurt russell da onun tarafından aşşağılanmış bi marangoz... goldie bi gün hafızasını kaybeder, kocası fırsat bu fırsat diyip gününü gün ederken, kurt öc almak için onu karısı ve çocuklarının annesi olduğuna inandırır. vee bööle gidiyo işte, sonrası beklendik şeyler... beklendik ama eğlenceli...
psygnosis yapımı bir action/strategy/puzzle karışımı.1997 yılından kalmadır ve oldukça eğlencelidir.shipwreckers! adıyla da bilinir.
insani eski turk filmi izlermişcesine bi havaya sokan, gayet de eglenceli; bi o kadar da böyle aşk olmaz olsun bunalimina sokan ama yine de eglenceli film..
poets of the fall grubunun signs of life albümlerinde yer alan şarkısı. sözleri şu şekildedir: i see you crying and it rains washing away the bad days washing away the pain loss brings yeah and then you smile though it aches cos you don't believe in mistakes just that we made a mess of things when the deal that you made with love is now a one way street a one way street and you'll feel you'll go overboard cos you're incomplete, incomplete you're not afraid to rely on any way you can try to learn to make some sense of things yeah and the way you say we'll get by with a little laugh we can fly you know the measure of hope that brings when the deal that you made with love is just a one way street a one way street and you'll feel you'll go overboard cos you're incomplete, incomplete i hear you laughing like a child instead of choking all riled instead of staring at shortcomings yeah just like the rain when you cried washed all the stains of false pride you'll learn to make the best of things have a little more of not enough more of what is less but isn't love little of the same you're dreaming of that's enough, that's enough when the deal that you made with love is now a one way street a one way street and you'll feel you'll go overboard cos you're incomplete, incomplete when the deal that you made with love is just a one way street a one way street and you'll feel you'll go overboard cos you are in-complete yeah when the deal that you made with love is now a one way street a one way street and you'll feel you'll go overboard cos you're incomplete, incomplete when the deal that you made with love is just a one way street a one way street and you'll feel you'll go overboard cos you're incomplete, incomplete
ingrid michaelson ımızın enfes bir diğer şarkısı.. bir kızın maceraları başlığı halinde hayatını yazmaya devam etmiş.."i'm a big girl now, see my big girl shoes." ile bir nil karaibo havası aldık tam oldu.. i could write my name by the age of three and i don't need anyone to cut my meat for me. i'm a big girl now, see my big girl shoes. it'll take more than just a breeze to make me fall over, fall over, fall overboard, overboard. fall overboard just so you can catch me. but as strong as i seem to think i am my distressing damsel, she comes out at night when the moon's filled up and your eyes are bright, then i think i simply aught to fall over, fall over, fall overboard, overboard. fall overboard just so you can catch me. you can catch me. i watch the ships go sailing by i play the girl will you play the guy. and i never thought i'd be the type to fall, to fall, to fall, to fall to fall. to fall over, fall over, fall overboard, overboard. fall overboard just so you can catch me. you can catch me, you can catch me, you can catch- i watch the ships go sailing by i be your girl will you be my guy. and i never thought i'd be the type to fall, to fall. to fall, to fall, to fall... to fall over, fall over, fall overboard, overboard. fall overboard just so you can catch me. you can catch me, you can catch me.
justin bieber'in my world 2.0 albümünden jessica jarrel ile yaptığı düet şarkı. it feels like we’ve been out at sea so back and forth that’s how its seems whoa and when i want to talk you say to me that if its meant to be, it will be so crazy in this thing we call love the love that we got that we just cant give up i’m reaching out for you tell me out here in the water and i) i’m overboard and i need your love pull me up i cant swim on my own its to much feels like i’m drowning without your love so throw yourself out to me my life saver life saver oh life saver my life saver life saver oh life saver oh wow never understand you when you say wanting me to met you half way. felt like i was doing my part get bringing your coming up short funny how these thing change cause now i see so crazy in this love we call love and now that we got it we just can’t give up i’m reaching out for ya got me out here in the water and i i’m overboard and i need your love pull me up (pull me up) i can’t swim on my own its to much (it’s to much) feels like i’m drowning without your love so throw yourself out to me my life saver it’s supposed to be some give and take i know. your only taking and not given any more so what will i do? (so what will i do?) cause i still love you. (still love you baby) you’re the only one who can save me i’m overboard and i need your love pull me up (pull me up) i cant swim on my own its to much (its to much) feels like i’m drowning (im drowning baby i’m drowning)without your love so throw yourself out to me (can’t swim) my life saver life saver oh life saver my life saver (its crazy, crazy crazy, yeah) life saver oh life saver oh life saver oh life saver oh life saver yeah
poets of the fall'un albümlerine ilk ulaştığımda eksik olan ama eksikliğini yaklaşık 2 sene sonra şarkı numaralarındaki boşluk nedeniyle farkettiğim, bulup yerine koyduktan sonra potf ile bir türlü bağdaştıramadığım şarkı.
