hole'un ask for it albümündeki bir şarkı. şöyledir: it's not the truth i say it's just a mockery don't need to waste my time you know i really try you take and never give it gets so hard to live i'm hanging on a ledge pushed straight over the edge grow up and be a man drop dead right where i stand i'm hanging on a ledge pushed straight over the edge yeah don't do the things you do don't have to oblige you make choices on my own don't buy the shit they sell you take and never give it gets so hard to live i'm hanging on a ledge pushed straight over the edge
point break adli güzide eksin filminin soundtrack albümünün 2. sarkisi,la guns ve arkadaslari söylemisler. gayet leziz bir sarki bana kalirsa bu arada.
zebrahead isimli nadide grubumuzun 2003 çıkışlı mfzb isimli albümünden bir şarkı. sözleri ise şöyle bişiler: she wants to know where i've been she's got the gloves on again she thinks she's smooth now i'm saying i'm not going down (i'm not going down) you say this ain't the end to me fall down, pull the rug under me feels like i'm falling but i tell you i'm not going down one day, you'll be the end of me go blind, pull the wool over me feels like i'm falling but i tell you i'm not going down because you push me over the edge tired of wasting my time, tired of wasting my breath because you push me over the edge tired of wasting my time and you're putting me through this again (through this again) she wants to fight and i've been drinking we put the walls up again i know she's right that i'm tripping but i'm not going down [repeat chorus] because you never did try never did look to see that i'm alright (whoaaaaaa) because you're always right gotta fight always wanna know (whoaaaaaa) because you..... [x2] [repeat chorus]
point break filminin soundtrack albümünde yer alan pek güzel, pek şahane bir la guns şarkısı. yeah i got the music cranking, japanese tv my head is full of jasmine smoke that i can hardly breathe turquoise dragons slip and slide sliding down my back i' m standing on this cold, thin ice and i' m about to crack i' m over i' m over over the edge seven candles burn so bright full moon behind a veil the ocean crashing in my head outside the sirens wail jet black is my dirty hair jet black my heart and car my lips are red, my skin snow white my face is battle scarred i no longer feel the pain no longer feel my love just the air conditioner and help from the lord above spitting out pieces of my broken heart my eyes work like radar i' m lyin' in the afterglow how'd i get this far? i' m over i' m over over the edge
(bkz: over the hedge)
http://sepettopu.blogspot.com/…haqn-yeni-klibi.html
orijinali the wipers'a ait olan, hole dahil bir çok grup tarafından yorumlanan, efsane over the edge albümünün açılış şarkısı. it's not the truth i seek it's just a mockery don't need to waste my time you know i've really tried you take and never give it get's so hard to live i'm hangin on a ledge pushed straight over the edge don't do the thing's you do don't have to oblige you makin choises on my own dont buy their trite, and drone grow up and be a man drop dead right where i stand i hangin on a ledge pushed straight over the edge http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wq6b96nyaj4
1979 yılı yapımı jonathan kaplan filmi. matt dillon'ın piyasaya giriş yaptığı film.
