birçok filmden kolaylıkla hatırlayabileceğimiz bir aktör olan bob balaban'ın yönetmenliğini yaptığı ilk sinema filmi. 50'li yılarda bir banliyöde yaşayan tipik bir amerikan ailesi ekseninde geçen, yamyamlıkla ama öldürmeyen sadece insan eti yiyen bir türle ilgili bir "horror-comedy". randy quaid ailemizin reisi, mary beth hurt o güzelim (!) yemekleri pişiren annemiz, bryan madorsky hiçbirşeyden haberi olmayan ama gördüğü etli kanlı kabuslar nedeniyle şüphelenmeye başlayan evlat rolünde... film 1989'da toronto'da 3 milyon dolara çekilmiş. çok nazik olan insanlar ve çok mükemmel görünen şartlar beni sinirlendirir diyen balaban'ın şöyle bir teorisi var: şeytan çok nazik kişiliklerde gizlidir. bilgilerinize...
vatan dergi grubu tarafından çıkarılan, türkiye’nin lisanslı ilk ebeveyn ve çocuk dergisi. http://www.vdg.com.tr/parents.asp
“çocukluğun karanlık yanı”'nı konu alan bir yamyam filmi. http://www.otekisinema.com/?p=4554
adamı oradan alıp buraya koyan budgie şarkısı. when i was a little boy, they would say to me, don't go in the world and play, it's bad company. all the had was child and faith, let them grow and let them wait, just to find what it was to be free. but now i'm over twenty one growing up i've had my fun and i know it's got to be. baby lying in a womb, are you free or in a tomb? let me in,i feel i want to cry. oh the road is there, oh that road is there, come on back,back! wash your hands and up to bed, mind your manners or your dead, mind the cars cos you've got school on monday. put my trust in god who is he i know not what something mummy said to me one sunday. maybe love is life but life is not something i need plenty of. oh i wished i'd never lived a day, now there's no one near me now, tell me what to do and how. take me,let me sing my cares away! oh that road is there, oh that road is there, come on back,back! wash your hands and up to bed, mind your manners or your dead, mind the cars cos you've got school on monday. black is black and white is white, which to choose and which is right, guide me to a place where i was stay, wrap me up and keep me warm, hide myself far from the storm, sleep and love will keep my mind at rest. only now i realize why my parents had to try, love you all and keep you all my life. oh that road is there, oh the road is there, come on back, back!
(bkz: foreldrar)
aynı zamanda 7th heaven beşinci sezon on altıncı bölümünün adı.
kaliteli bir ses sistemi yada kulaklık ile dinlenirse etkisi 10 kat daha artacak olan acayip bir budgie şarkısı. hele ki o gitarlar aman aman..
william meredith şiiri. what it must be like to be an angel or a squirrel, we can imagine sooner. the last time we go to bed good, they are there, lying about darkness. they dandle us once too often, these friends who become our enemies. suddenly one day, their juniors are as old as we yearn to be. they get wrinkles where it is better smooth, odd coughs, and smells. it is grotesque how they go on loving us, we go on loving them the effrontery, barely imaginable, of having caused us. and of how. their lives: surely we can do better than that. this goes on for a long time. everything they do is wrong, and the worst thing, they all do it, is to die, taking with them the last explanation, how we came out of the wet sea or wherever they got us from, taking the last link of that chain with them. father, mother, we cry, wrinkling, to our uncomprehending children and grandchildren.
