aynı zamanda bir simon & garfunkel parçası; the night sets softly with the hush of falling leaves, casting shivering shadows on the houses through the trees, and the light from a street lamp paints a pattern on my wall, like the pieces of a puzzle or a child's uneven scrawl. up a narrow flight of stairs in a narrow little room, as i lie upon my bed in the early evening gloom. impaled on my wall my eyes can dimly see the pattern of my life and the puzzle that is me. from the moment of my birth to the instant of my death, there are patterns i must follow just as i must breathe each breath. like a rat in a maze the path before me lies, and the pattern never alters until the rat dies. and the pattern still remains on the wall where darkness fell, and it's fitting that it should, for in darkness i must dwell. like the color of my skin, or the day that i grow old, my life is made of patterns that can scarcely be controlled.
black sabbath ın gitaristi tony iommi nin 2000 yılında çıkardığı "iommi" albumünün 5. parçası. system of a down dan serj tankian eşlik etmiş..
serj tankian'ın seslendirdiği akıllara zarar şarkı... yok böyle bir vokal, böyle bir enstrümantasyon... life is a story go ahead and find your sight life is your glory go ahead and live the night but to live means to be here in the present now do try to bow for the gift of your day then you cede to the morning sun pretending that we live doesn't make us alive life is a story go ahead and find your sight but to live means to be here in the present now do try to bow for the gift of your day then you cede to the morning sun pretending that we see doesn't give us the sight pretending that we live doesn't make us alive what is it that makes us lose sight true sight, of what is real and essential i'll take organized patterns of chaos over the chaotic organizations of man, any day pretending that we see doesn't give us the sight pretending that we live doesn't make us alive pretending that we see doesn't give us the sight pretending that we live doesn't make us alive
amerikan şair amy lowell'in 19. yüzyılın sosyal standartlarına, ideal davranış biçimlerine ve dönemin toplumundaki kadının yeri'ne karşı yazdığı bir bakıma ironik, eleştirel, her satırında ayrı bir imge barındıran uzun şiirinin adıdır ayrıca. patterns i walk down the garden paths, and all the daffodils are blowing, and the bright blue squills. i walk down the patterned garden-paths in my stiff, brocaded gown. with my powdered hair and jewelled fan, i too am a rare pattern. as i wander down the garden paths. my dress is richly figured, and the train makes a pink and silver stain on the gravel, and the thrift of the borders. just a plate of current fashion, tripping by in high-heeled, ribboned shoes. not a softness anywhere about me, only whalebone and brocade. and i sink on a seat in the shade of a lime tree. for my passion wars against the stiff brocade. the daffodils and squills flutter in the breeze as they please. and i weep; for the lime-tree is in blossom and one small flower has dropped upon my bosom. and the plashing of waterdrops in the marble fountain comes down the garden-paths. the dripping never stops. underneath my stiffened gown is the softness of a woman bathing in a marble basin, a basin in the midst of hedges grown so thick, she cannot see her lover hiding, but she guesses he is near, and the sliding of the water seems the stroking of a dear hand upon her. what is summer in a fine brocaded gown! i should like to see it lying in a heap upon the ground. all the pink and silver crumpled up on the ground. i would be the pink and silver as i ran along the paths, and he would stumble after, bewildered by my laughter. i should see the sun flashing from his sword-hilt and the buckles on his shoes. i would choose to lead him in a maze along the patterned paths, a bright and laughing maze for my heavy-booted lover, till he caught me in the shade, and the buttons of his waistcoat bruised my body as he clasped me, aching, melting, unafraid. with the shadows of the leaves and the sundrops, and the plopping of the waterdrops, all about us in the open afternoon -- i am very like to swoon with the weight of this brocade, for the sun sifts through the shade. underneath the fallen blossom in my bosom, is a letter i have hid. it was brought to me this morning by a rider from the duke. "madam, we regret to inform you that lord hartwell died in action thursday se'nnight." as i read it in the white, morning sunlight, the letters squirmed like snakes. "any answer, madam," said my footman. "no," i told him. "see that the messenger takes some refreshment. no, no answer." and i walked into the garden, up and down the patterned paths, in my stiff, correct brocade. the blue and yellow flowers stood up proudly in the sun, each one. i stood upright too, held rigid to the pattern by the stiffness of my gown. up and down i walked, up and down. in a month he would have been my husband. in a month, here, underneath this lime, we would have broke the pattern; he for me, and i for him, he as colonel, i as lady, on this shady seat. he had a whim that sunlight carried blessing. and i answered, "it shall be as you have said." now he is dead. in summer and in winter i shall walk up and down the patterned garden-paths in my stiff, brocaded gown. the squills and daffodils will give place to pillared roses, and to asters, and to snow. i shall go up and down, in my gown. gorgeously arrayed, boned and stayed. and the softness of my body will be guarded from embrace by each button, hook, and lace. for the man who should loose me is dead, fighting with the duke in flanders, in a pattern called a war. christ! what are patterns for?
warrel dane nin solo albümü olan praises to war machine de, daha önce nevermore un dead heart in a dead world albumunde yaptığı gibi başarılı bir şekilde coverladığı bir diğer simon & garfunkel parçası. diğeri için (bkz: the sound of silence)
tiger lou'nun the loyal adlı albümünde yer alan güzel bir şarkısı. can you see the marks in me please tell me what they mean i think i might have seen this in a dream patterns and circles letters and dots im tired of drinking but cannot stop this smoke really lingers in this place i know on and on and ooooooon always on and on and ooooooon always my death will be the end of this go on and leave your marks i think i might have seen this in a film on and on and ooooooon always on and on and ooooooon always on and on and ooooooon always on and on and ooooooon always before i fall i wanna taste it all before i fall i wanna taste it all on and on and ooooooon always
baby darling doll face honey albümüden bir band of skulls şarkısı.
gran turismo 5 soundtrack'inde yer alan band of skulls şarkısı.
like a rat in a maze the path before me lies, and the pattern never alters until the rat dies. kısmıyla adamın amına koyan şarkılar kategorisine giren, warrel dane tarafından mükemmel bir şekilde coverlanmış simon & garfunkel şarkısı.
yeni bir minecraft klonu. bu sefer sadece küplerle değil üçgen objelerle de tasarım yapılabiliyor. elbette daha pek çok özellik bulunmakta. second life yapımcısı linden lab tarafından geliştiriliyor. bu da resmi duyuru videosu: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=locopsoevee
band of skulls şarkısı. eşlik etmesi çok zevkli.hem saymayı da öğretiyor.sözleri ; there's one for the sorrow and two for the joy and three for the girls and four for the boys there's five for the silver and six for the gold and seven for the secrets that are never to be told there's eight in the river and nine in my head and ten of the worst kind sleeping in my bed there's a pattern, there's a pattern there's a pattern there to followed there's a pattern, there's a pattern there's a pattern there to followed oh, oh, oh, to follow oh, oh, oh, to follow there's one for the money and two for the sin and three for the tongue when authority kicks in there's four for the reason and five for the tricks but nothing's going to save you from the six, six, six there's seven for the days and seven for the nights and seven for the heavens and the tunnel and the lights there's a pattern, there's a pattern there's a pattern there to followed there's a pattern, there's a pattern there's a pattern there to followed oh, oh, oh, to follow oh, oh, oh, to follow (to follow, to follow, to follow) oh, oh, oh, to follow oh, oh, oh, to follow
