mukemmel olan, kusur barindirmayan..
bir sarki da kimin oldugunu hatirliyamadim simdi.. (bkz: sorumsuz sozluk yazari)
fairground attractionin sarkisi
tekkende hic darbe alinmadan bitirilen roundlari belirten sifat.
(bkz: flawless victory)
ingilizce yazılılarında on alan adamın kağıdına hocanın yazdığı kelime.
smashing pumpkins versiyonunun sözleri: i know we're just like old friends we just can't pretend that lovers make amends we are reasons so unreal we can't help but feel that something has been lost but please you know you're just like me next time i promise we'll be perfect perfect perfect strangers down the line lovers out of time memories unwind so far i still know who you are but now i wonder who i was... angel, you know it's not the end we'll always be good friends the letters have been sent on so please, you always were so free you'll see, i promise we'll be perfect perfect strangers when we meet strangers on the street lovers while we meet perfect you know this has to be we always we're so free we promised that we'd be perfect
fairground attaraction versiyonunun sözleri; i don't want half hearted love affairs i need someone who really cares. life is too short to play silly games i've promised myself i won't do that again. it's got to be perfect it's got to be worth it yeah. too many people take second best but i won't take anything less it's got to be yeah pertect. young hearts are foolish they make such mistakes they're much too eager to give their love away. well i have been foolish too many times now i'm determined i'm gonna get it right. it's got to be perfect... young hearts are foolish they make such mistakes it's got to be perfect... it's got to be yeah worth it it's got to be perfect.
the lightning seeds "jollification" albümünden sakin, güzel, yumuşak bi şarkı. see the rivers filled with rain i wish it could be blue again hazy petrol nights crimson sun on traffic lights a perfect day a perfect night tell me all those perfect lies and lie back in the garden till it's light streets get full up every night with people buzzing round the lights and waving at the taxis driving by now tomorrow's here today and yesterday's todays just fade away watch the morning chase the night rolling home, it's getting light feeling sleepy, full of wine fall in bed, just in time the perfect stare of perfect eyes that kiss you as they tell you lies and wonder where you're going, where've you been in towers high with time to fill gardens on your window sill in between the pavement and the sky now tomorrow's here today and yesterday's todays just fade away tell me why all the words will never come out right fumbling blind, i've been driving through the danger signs a perfect day a perfect night tell me all those perfect lies and lie back in the garden till it's light perfect silence me and you it's really me, i really do remember every moment magnified now tomorrow's here today and yesterday's todays just fade away tell me why all the words will never come out right fumbling blind, i've been driving through the danger signs
maren ordun guzel sarkisi perfect don't close your eyes they may not open what if they open would you be alive everyone falls but not everyone rises why don't you get up and rise again for me what if the world were a little more perfect would you stop crying or would you take the leap what if the world were a little more perfect would you open your eyes and blink again for me what about friendship what about friends you said the whole world was against you and it all had to end what about love what about family what about all that you have to live for it isn't easy here without you why did you leave me what am i supposed to do
(bkz: perfect çekmek)
(bkz: perfectly nothing)
(bkz: porfek)
alanis morissette'nin jagged little pill albumunde olan, adiyla tezat guzellikteki bi $arki. olmasa da olurmu$. sometimes is never quite enough if you're flawless, then you'll win my love don't forget to win first place don't forget to keep that smile on your face be a good boy try a little harder you've got to measure up and make me prouder how long before you screw it up how many times do i have to tell you to hurry up with everything i do for you the least you can do is keep quiet be a good girl you've gotta try a little harder that simply wasn't good enough to make us proud i'll live through you i'll make you what i never was if you're the best, then maybe so am i compared to him compared to her i'm doing this for your own damn good you'll make up for what i blew what's the problem... why are you crying be a good boy push a little farther now that wasn't fast enough to make us happy we'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect
smashing pumpkins şarkısı olan perfect adore albümünden çıkan ikinci singledır.neşeliymiş gibi durmasına rağmen beni acaip hüzünlendirir.sözleri acaip koyar.özellikle perfect strangers when we meet,strangers on the street kısmıyla artık el gibi olucaz ama hala dost kalıcaz temasını işler ki bence sözleri epey ironiktir.
(bkz: perfect fifth)
(bkz: perfect day)
(bkz: kırmızı perfect)
sf2 ve devamında hiç dayak yemeden rakibi alt ettiğinizde bonus ıvır zıvırdan önce arcade makinesinin bağırdığı ve ekranında gösterdiği kelime.
simple plan'in sinir bi sarkisi. **
smashing pumpkins versiyonunun enfes bir klibi vardir.determinizm konusunu isler tipki lola rennt gibi.en kucuk olaylarin hayatimizi nasil etkiledigini gozler onune serer.nedense koca bir sehri hic durmayan bir donme dolaptan seyretmeyi animsatir. (bkz: neden acaba)
artık tarihin tozlu sayfalarında yerini almış bulunan ki böyle yapmakla benim gibi pek çok sevenini üzen smashing pumpkins'in 1998 çıkışlı adore albümünün a3'ü. bestesi ve güftesi billy corgan'a aittir. şarkı en başından biten bir aşk hikayesinin içine sokar dinleyiciyi...şarkı akarken "next time i promise we'll be perfect" der...pöörfekt diye devam eder billy. aşk acısı çeken kimse bir umutlanacak olur zira herşeyi bu bir işaret arzusu ile algılamaktadır..."strangers" diye de biter. (bkz: perfect strangers) (bkz: bu bi tuzak)
(bkz: a perfect circle)
(bkz: perfect couple)
snoop dogg'un yeni albümünden* gülümseten bir parca; charlie wilson eslik etmekte. ama hayir, ikinci bir 'beautiful' olamamis, olamaz da - yok böyle bisi... "perfect" [charlie wilson croons in the background] [snoop dogg] beautiful.. perfect.. flawless.. debonaire [chorus: charlie wilson] where'd you get that silky skin? and the colors those eyes come in? does the light come from within? god made you, did he make the grin? wings are under all your clothes you worth more than your weight in gold where did god put down your mole or were you only made for show? girl you're perrr-feeeect - when god made you i wonder if he kept the mold, or are you just for show? girl you're perrr-feeeect - when i see you it takes my mind to cloud nine, girl you're so fine, yeah - hey [snoop dogg] lovable, and yeah you're pursuable everything is beautiful, even down to your cuticles it ain't about me, it's all about you you make me do what you want me to yeah, it's just like that here go my number baby girl why don't you get right back you're a, perfect dime, i'm workin mine just the thought of me and you i mean it's blowin my mind cain't explain it doe, but if i'm wit'chu i can't remain a ho, or stay in the flow it's a shame to know, i maintain the flow baby girl me and you is unexplainable mm, yeah - we need to get into actin cain't you see this is a natural attraction a lot of maxin and relaxin c'mon baby girl, give a player some action, i'm askin [chorus] [snoop dogg] if you would, if i could you make the bad boy in me go good tell a lie? no i tell the truth baby boo on the real you know you hundred proof mm, i can't even believe that you livin the single life, damn i need that i hate to see a queen without a king if i had you i'd get you e'rything coast to coast, l.a. to chicago see my baby go wherever i go costa rica, obregato if i get you i hit the lotto loco shoppin, get what you want to sky's the limit, so go on and spend it i said it cause i meant it so go and give me your love and get in it to win it hit it [chorus] [snoop dogg] mm, i know you dig my rappin i see you smilin so i might get some action yeah, so let's get it crackin it won't be no +rerun+, "hey hey hey - +what's happenin'+?" it won't be no type of scrappin me and you, this is everlastin i hate to sound sarcastic but we'll make a classic, it'll be fantastic we need to get into actin cain't you see this is a natural attraction a lot of maxin and relaxin c'mon baby girl give a player some action, i'm askin [chorus] [snoop dogg (charlie wilson ad libs)] mm, the perfect girl, livin in the perfect world like i said, i hate to see a queen without a king i'm available, let's make it happen yeah, the dime or the dub, how you love that? ha ha ha yeah, 'beautiful part 2' - thought you knew
bir flyleaf parcasi. sick of circling the same road sick of bearing the guilt open the windows to cool off heat pours in instead perfect in weakness. i'm only perfect in just your strength alone all my efforts to clean me. leave me putrid and filthy how can you look at me, when i can't stand myself? i'm tired to be honest... i'm nobody. perfect in weakness. i'm only running in just your strength alone. perfect in weakness. i'm only running in just your strength alone. i tried to kill you. you tried to save me.. you save me. you save me. you save me. perfect in weakness. i'm only running in just your strength alone. perfect in weakness. i'm only running in just your strength alone.
biz onu "it's got to be safeway" diye bilirdik. 90ların başında ingiltere'de safeway market zincirinin reklam cıngılı olmuştur. bi kuşak şarkıyı o cıngıl sayesinde tanımıştır.
simple plan'in her zaman dinlenmesi iyi olmayabilecek, çok özel anlara ait parçası. mesela son bir senedir kendi irademle ikinci kez açıp da dinledim.
(bkz: böyle bir yazar aslında yok)
alanis morissette'nin tori amos'ın china'sından felaket şekilde esinlendiğini düşündüğüm, adının hakkını veremeyen şarkısı.
depeche mode'un 2009 tarihli albümü sounds of the universe'te yer alan pek güzel şarkılardan biri. on another world by another star at another place and time in another state of consciousness in another state of mind everything was almost perfect everything fell into place the jury reached a different verdict before the judge dismissed the case in a parallel universe that's happening right now things between us must be worse but it's hard to see just how and everything could have been perfect everything in the right place then i wouldn't have to play the suspect accused, abandoned, and disgraced i didn't shoot i didn't pull the trigger it wasn't me i'm just a plain and simple singer i heard the sound i turned my head around to watch our love shot down in another lonely universe we're laying side by side and no one's hurt and no one's cursed and no one needs to hide and everything is almost perfect everything is almost right there are never any conflicts there are never any fights
depeche mode'un olan için konuşacak olursak, şarkının temposu jon anderson ve vangelis'in the friends of mr cairo şarkısına oldukça benzemiş, ilk dinlediğimde "aa! aaa!", "mr cairo, cairo, cairo" desem de yine yeniden çok orjinal, pek güzel bir depeche mode şarkısı olmuş. hele martin l. gore'un vokale girdiği an muhteşem !
depeche mode'un precious tadindaki parcasi. oldukca lezzetli sounds of the universe albumunden.
dauby vokalli markus schulz eseri. funabashi, agnelli and nelson ve jerome isma-ae remixleri cok güzel. altin madalya, agnelli and nelson. 'cause you're perfect, the way that you are perfect, like the moon in the stars and the sun in the sky, getting higher even knows when it's time to surrender
mason ve princess superstar ortaklığında oluşan süper şarkıdır, klibi ise iğrençtir. 4 3 2 1 4 3 2 1 1 2 3 whoo 1 2 3 4 let me hear you scream if you want some more like ahh push it, push it watch me work it i'm perfect 1 2 3 4 let me hear you scream if you want some more like ahh push it, push it watch me work it i'm perfect thats right i'm a superstar everybody wanna come up when i'm at the bar all the people wanna try its like give me some more try a little harder hunni give me some more lets go i'm a superstar getting busy with the boys hanging at the bar everybody come across cause they all want me you all knew when you saw me i like how you look, baby call me 1 2 3 4 let me hear you scream if you want some more like ahh push it, push it watch me work it i'm perfect 1 2 3 4 let me hear you scream if you want some more like ahh push it, push it watch me work it i'm perfect check it out now the look the lips the hips the tits the hair the eyes the skin the waist you can see what i can do on this microphone so guess what i'm gonna do to you at home the look the lips the hips the tits the hair the eyes the skin the waist you can see what i can do on this microphone so guess what i'm gonna do to you at home perfection hahaaa 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 let me hear you scream if you want some more like ahh push it, push it watch me work it i'm perfect 1 2 3 4 let me hear you scream if you want some more like ahh push it, push it watch me work it i'm perfect (perfect, perfect, perfect, i'm perfect) 1 2 3 4 4 3 2 1 1 2 3 4 4 3 2 1 1 2 3 4 let me hear you scream if you want some more like ahh push it, push it watch me work it i'm perfect http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzl165wdjda
bir intwine şarkısı. wouldn't it be nice if my words were sticks and stones so they would definitely hurt you or even better make your mother never birth you just make her feel like me aching she sits and bleeds thinking is this what she really needs so what the hell if i'm not really perfect nobody ever said i had to be and if i wasn't really perfect you'd give an arm and a leg to be me you just wanne be me don't you really really wanna be me pretty like me wouldn't it be nice to take a little trip over some ice and make you frees like you did to me so maybe freezin wasn't such a bad idea but knowing my luck you'd float backup and make the freezin stop, isn't life such a breeze seems like jezus took a trip to the fucking antilles oh, you know it's time you can't deny it closing doors before you even try it şu versiyonu güzeldir
fairground attraction versiyonu, süper bir karaoke şarkısıdır.
alanis morissette'in jagged little pill albümünün üçüncü parçası. ne zaman albümü dinlemeye başlasam albümün ikinci parçası you oughta know parçasına gönderme yapıyor gibi geliyor.
klibi çok hoşuma giden, güne iyi başlatan, defalarca dinleten, neşesiyle herşeyin kusursuz olacağına inandıran, doyulmayası bi fairground attraction şarkısı. dinlenir ki bu. klibi için: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txapregwhp0
çok güzel bir hedley şarkısı. falling a thousand feet per second, you still take me by surprise i just know we can't be over, i can see it in your eyes making every kind of silence, takes a lot to realize it's worse to finish than to start all over and never let it lie and as long as i can feel you holding on i won't fall, even if you said i was wrong i'm not perfect, but i keep trying 'cause that's what i said i would do from the start i'm not alive if i'm lonely, so please don't leave was it something i said or just my personality? making every kind of silence, it takes a lot to realize it's worse to finish than to start all over and never let it lie and as long as i can feel you holding on i won't fall, even if you said i wrong i know that i'm not perfect, but i keep trying 'cause that's what i said i would do from the start i'm not alive if i'm lonely, so please don't leave was it something i said or just my personality? when you're caught in a lie and you've got nothing to hide when you've got nowhere to run and you've got nothing inside it tears right through me, you thought that you knew me you thought that you knew i'm not perfect, but i keep trying 'cause that's what i said i would do from the start i'm not alive if i'm lonely, so please don't leave was it something i said or just my personality? i'm not perfect, but i keep trying 'cause that's what i said i would do from the start i'm not alive if i'm lonely, so please don't leave was it something i said or just my, just myself just myself, myself, just myself i'm not perfect, but i keep trying
tesadüfen youtubeda spy myung wol'a bakınırken karşılaştığım parça, fan made bir videoda kullanılmış. baya baya güzelmiş yalnız. karşılaştığım video ise şu; http://www.youtube.com/…4mp8pajunju&feature=related
güzel bir michelle featherstone şarkısı dinlemek için sözleri de şöyle: i see you across a crowded room i see you across a crowded room i see you across a crowded room and i'm paralyzed i'm paralyzed 'cause you're perfect i wonder if i'll ever get to talk to you i wonder if i'll ever get to talk to you i wonder if i'll ever get to talk to you and i'm paralyzed i'm paralyzed 'cause you're perfect when you leave tonight and your lovely smile and the way you shine it won't be mine if all i get is just one day i have to say in every way you're perfect i wonder if you'll notice that you change my life i wonder if you'll notice that you change my life i wonder if you'll notice that you change my life and i'm paralyzed i'm paralyzed 'cause you're perfect when you leave tonight and your lovely smile and the way you shine it won't be mine if all i get is just one day i have to say in every way you're perfect you're perfect
pink'e ait olanı chris colfer ve darren criss tarafından adeta eargasm şeklinde yorumlanmıştır. bir infinite loop daha eklendi glee playlist ime. umarım yarın akşam yayınlanacak olan i kissed a girl isimli glee bölümünde performansını da görebilirim.
simple planın dillere pelesenk olan parçası. bir kere dinledikten sonra, sürekli söyleme isteği uyandırmaktadır : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x60kwls5qpc
pink'e ait, glee'de harika icra edilmiş şarkı sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun. made a wrong turn, once or twice dug my way out, blood and fire bad decisions, that's alright welcome to my silly life mistreated, misplaced, misunderstood miss "no way, it's all good", it didn't slow me down mistaken, always second guessing under estimated, look, i'm still around pretty, pretty please don't you ever, ever feel like your less than fuckin' perfect. pretty, pretty please if you ever, ever feel like your nothing you're fuckin' perfect to me. you're so mean, when you talk, about yourself, you are wrong. change the voices, in your head make them like you instead. so complicated, look happy, you'll make it! filled with so much hatred such a tired game. it's enough, i've done all i can think of chased down all my demons, i've seen you do the same. oh, pretty, pretty please don't you ever, ever feel like your less than fuckin' perfect. pretty, pretty please if you ever, ever feel like your nothing you're fuckin' perfect to me. the whole world stares so i swallow the fear, the only thing i should be drinking is an ice cold beer. so cool in line and we try, try, try, but we try too hard, it's a waste of my time. done looking for the critics, cause they're everywhere they don't like my jeans, they don't get my hair we change ourselves and we do it all the time why do we do that? why do i do that? (why do i do that?) [yeah~, ohh~ pretty pretty please, ohh~] pretty, pretty please don't you ever, ever feel like your less than fuckin' perfect. pretty, pretty please if you ever, ever feel like your nothing you're fuckin' perfect to me. you're perfect, you're perfect pretty, pretty please don't you ever, ever feel like your less than fuckin' perfect. pretty, pretty please if you ever, ever feel like your nothing you're fuckin' perfect to me.
birinin fotoğrafının altına yorum olarak yazıldığı zaman çok bariz bir barzoluk alameti olan ingilizce kelime. bir de excellent vardır, son zamanlarda türemiş bu yorum çeşidi de. neden anadili türkçe olan birine ingilizce iltifat edilir? sorusunu da akıllara getirmektedir aynı zamanda.
nasıl yazılmamış hayret! ben moodynin all for this albümünün açılış parçasıdır aynı zamanda. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun the stage is set, i'm growing restless i've taken worse than you before i don't want you to want me now i'm just fine as the failure and the whore i'm not guilty, just convicted more than you, i loathe my living hell having failed to prove a lover pleasure's gone, i'll take the dead one's dreaming well am i so small in your eyes? chorus you'll never be (perfect) you'll never be (perfect) you'll never be you'll never be perfect enough for me for what it's worth, i won't forget you now i know how weak i was though you left me as a victim all the scars have left me bulletproof am i so small in your eyes? chorus turn around and see the monster not the one you paint me as man alone and broken hungry for the blood not pure like you chorus x2
