başrolde john travolta'nın oynadığı bir jon turteltaub filmi.kendi halinde bir çiftçi olan george malley bir gün bir ışık görür,o andan itibaren beyni inanılmaz harika bir şekilde çalışmaya başlar,ama fazla zeka başa beladır,olaylar gelisir
ing. olay, olgu.
ufonun bir albumu. hatta en iyi albumu, love lost love'ı space child`i barındırır.
phenomenongecen aksam atv'de vardı bu film...ama fılmın adının turkceye çevrilişi benı dumur aleminde seyahete sürükledi..phenomenon=mucize imiş!... ne alakaysa ıngılızcedeki mucize baska $ey bildigim kadarıyla neyse..enteresandı
bir ll cool j şarkısı. (bkz: tahrik etkisi olan sarkılar)
(bkz: görüngü)
türkçesi de fenomendir.
direk huzur filmi. 2 tane boktan bunalım filmi arka arkaya seyrettikten sonra seyredince insan ruhunu düzene sokuyor. başka da bir olayı yok zaten.(bkz: forest whitaker)
kücük yastan beri "mucize" demek olduğunu sanmış olduğum, sözlüğe entry girmek icin baktığımda anlamının "olay" olduğunu öğrendiğim, kendimi aldatılmıs hissetmeme sebep olan kelime. (bkz: sözlügün faydaları)
dinlendiği anda vücudu beyinden bağımsız hareket ettirmeye başlayan, dans ettirme potansiyeline en fazla sahip olan şarkılardan biri. ayrıca tabi ki (bkz: tahrik etkisi olan şarkılar)
sebastian adli bir beyefendinin şarkısıdır, loop'u güzeldir, böyle oynak, türk ezgileri tadı bırakır.. lakin ne bu şarkı, ne de sebastian denilen herif hakkında internette doğru düzgün bilgi, lyric falan yoktur..
oldukça dinlendirici olmasının yanı sıra ilginç de bir film. daha iyi bir yönetmenin elinde fevkalade bir filme dönüşebilirdi. yine de her rastladığımda seyrederim, şu sıralarda stvde yayınlanmakta.
hiç varolmamış gibi internette hakkında hiç bir şey bulunmayan sebastian şarkısı.
ufo'nun 1974 senesinde çıkartmış olduğu; doctor doctor ve rock bottom gibi klasik parçaları içeren albüm.
michael schenker'in henüz 19 yaşında scorpions'dan ayrılıp ufo'ya katıldıktan sonra bulunduğu ilk albüm, 1974 tarihli bu ufo albümünün kadrosu; phil mogg - vokal michael schenker - gitar andy parker - davul pete way - bas gitar playlist: 1.too young to know 2.crystal light 3.doctor doctor 4.space child 5.rock bottom 6.oh my 7.time on my hand 8.built for comfort 9.lipstick traces 10.queen of the deep
sandra bullocklu ve kermitli bir phenomenon için; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shrqw3ceeye
sebastian ve timbaland ortak çalışmasıdır. tam emin olmamakla birlikte, bass, bassline, drum ve kickler parçanın beat'inin timbaland tarafından yapıldığını gösteriyor. sözleri; do you know who you fucking with? do you know who you fucking with, did you ask? arrggh! back the fuck up, back up verse 1: yo uh, i got em' regretting that i rap preaching bout giving back ???, by the eight man plus i can clap i pulled the fork out the road and snatched the roof from the crows for my belivers thats been feeling me yo check your corners, haters on us, so we cotinue with most i see em' dipping in the grocery stores making calls in the malls, into making cash with drawls but i truly see, that a charming freezes by the smoking weed, by the shape of ya keys to small white tees, ya'll ain't ballers ya'll just cut ya'll sleeves i move in k-pax speed, through a tropical breeze cause i believe hook: [timbaland] i'm accomplished i'm a phenomenon i believe i can do anything, anything cause i believe i'm accomplished i'm the finisher i believe, i can do anything, anything cause i believe verse 2: i got my mind and money in tact complementary snack for my belivers i'm showing respect you can be who you chose like that designer of clothes or maybe just play for the chess thik its a sceptable dream wake up and run in the scream i believe in southern california it rains i believe i can sing, fork it davino from fiends i can dub liquir from a.j. mclean i believe the rules gone change hip hop address to the game songs you know, million sold, like a barry manilow now the whole stories told, not about crystal and mo' could you truly see, i'm blessed as can be surrouned in the tropics, lil mama surrounded laid in a hammock love ain't granted, like janet i put my emotions in it i believe i'm gone cry, man i believe i'll get high cause i believe hook: [timbaland] i'm accomplished i'm a phenomenon i believe i can do anything, anything cause i believe i'm accomplished i'm the finisher i believe, i can do anything, anything cause i believe verse 3: i'm a phenomenon, i'm like the missing son for the parents who sterile and have one i'm like a mutual fund more like a honey bun, for the homeless and wondering bums i'm like a salad no grease, dressing ranch and blue cheese i'm dirty laughing for personal beats im the water that you spill, more like the heat that you feel when you laid off and sick on the pill i'm the streets and the corners, for all my women abused i'm the medicine used, for the cuts and the brused i'm a loner, organ, doner, for all my john's q i'll succeed cause i believe i'm the ??? on your jewelery i'm the 30 day tag when you ship the three i can use a jigga flow cause he cool with me without a soul train or grammy i still believe hook: [timbaland] i'm accomplished i'm a phenomenon i believe i can do anything, anything cause i believe i'm accomplished i'm the finisher i believe, i can do anything, anything cause i believe
bir limp bizkit şarkısıdır işte sözleri: "phenomenon" are you ready? ain't it funny how time flies, huh? out of sight, out of mind (yeah right) once again back it's the incredible subliminal the infredible d once down in the dirt, now i ain't even gotta shave when i'm goin to work aight, looks like i'm drinkin tonight, tomorrow i'll be sippin' on some pedialite (c'mon) rock, rock to the planet rock, don't stop (c'mon) [x2] ain't it funny how time flies, huh? chit chatter, that shit don't matter check the flow, i organically grow, like the weed i for sheezy, be letting ya know ooh... yeah, kinda feelin' horny, who that is? what it say? what it look like? "20 eyes in my head" misfit, and i ain't never gonna change. (c'mon) [chorus:] ... .don't think you know what the hell i'm all about (phenomenon, something like a phenomenon) ... .don't think you got my shit all figured out (phenomenon, something like a phenomenon) i'm a make ya bounce ba bounce ma ma ma move ma move ba ba ba break you off a little somethin' like this [x2] ok chaps, let's take it from the top, go all you hollywood rockstars hollywood ass, wishin' you had big cash rollin' like your pimpin' but you aint really got shit goin' ' cuz you ain't limpin' like the bizkit you're just sittin' on the sidelines you just fake kid, if there's a title then i'll take it who-yah hit ya with the boo-yah.. and i ain't fuckin' playin' around rock, rock to the planet rock, don't stop (c'mon) [x2] [chorus] what would you do, if this was the end of the world?[x3] what would you do, if this was the end of it all? want me tell you what i'd do? c'mon. i'd turn it on up (oh yeah?) and i'd shut it on up (oh yeah?) and i'd bring that beat back (oh yeah?) aight then bring it on back, go [chorus] it's limpbizkit baby el emeği değil bildiğin copy paste.
youtube videolarini cekilmez yapan ve yurdum insani tarafindan hazirlanan videolarin bi cogunda kullanilan yarrak gibi $arki. cok sinir bozucu. sebastian $arkisimiymi$ neymi$. yeter ulan.
sebastian'in bir gun, tup almak icin bostanci'dan kadikoy'e gitmesi gerekir. minibus caddesi'nden bir minibuse atlayan sebastian, alti yol duraginda dolmustan indiginde sarkinin ana hatlari hazirdir artik.
fenamena gibi okunur. melodik okuma icin (bkz: manah manah)
ayrıca limp bizkit'in results may vary albümünden bir şarkıdır. sözlerini de google'dan yapıştıralım da yanlış olmasın ; are you ready? ooooo c’mon ain’t it funny how time flies, huh? out of sight, out of mind (yeah right) once again back it’s the incredible subliminal the infredible d once down in the dirt, now i ain’t even gotta shave when i’m goin to work aight, looks like i’m drinkin tonight, tomorrow i’ll be sippin’ on some pedialite (c’mon) rock, rock to the planet rock, don’t stop (c’mon) rock, rock to the planet rock, don’t stop (c’mon) ain’t it funny how time flies, huh? chit chatter, that shit don’t matter check the flow, i organically grow, like the weed i for sheezy, be letting ya know ooh… yeah, kinda feelin’ horny, who that is? what it say? what it look like? “20 eyes in my head” misfit and i ain’t never gonna change. (c’mon) …don’t think you know what the hell i’m all about (phenomenon, something like a phenomenon) …don’t think you got my shit all figured out (phenomenon, something like a phenomenon) i’m a make ya bounce ba bounce ma ma ma move ma move ba ba ba break you off a little somethin’ like this bounce ba bounce ma ma ma move ma move ba ba ba break you off a little somethin’ like somethin’ like this ok chaps, let’s take it from the top, go all you hollywood rockstars hollywood ass, wishin’ you had big cash rollin’ like your pimpin’ but you ain’t really got shit goin’ ‘cuz you ain’t limpin’ like the bizkit you’re just sittin’ on the sidelines you just a fake kid, if there’s a title then i’ll take it who-yah hit ya with the boo-yah… and i ain’t fuckin’ plain’ around rock, rock to the planet rock, don’t stop (c’mon) rock, rock to the planet rock, don’t stop (c’mon) …don’t think you know what the hell i’m all about (phenomenon, something like a phenomenon) …don’t think you got my shit all figured out (phenomenon, something like a phenomenon) i’m a make ya bounce ba bounce ma ma ma move ma move ba ba ba break you off a little somethin’ like this bounce ba bounce ma ma ma move ma move ba ba ba break you off a little somethin’ like this what would you do, if this was the end of the world? (tell me what would you do) what would you do, if this was the end of the world? (tell me what would you do) what would you do, if this was the end of the world? (tell me what would you do) what would you do, if this was the end of it all? want me tell you what i’d do? c’mon. i’d turn it on up, (oh yeah?) and i’d shut it on up (oh yeah?) and i’d bring that beat back (oh yeah?) aight then bring it on back, go i’m a make ya bounce ba bounce ma ma ma move ma move ba ba ba break you off a little somethin’ like this bounce ba bounce ma ma ma move ma move ba ba ba break you off a little somethin’ like this it’s limpbizkit baby.
ll cool j'in 1997 çıkışlı 7. albümü. albümle aynı aynı adı taşıyan ve albümden çıkan ilk single olan müthiş şarkının sözleri ise şu şekildedir: ah ah baby girl was draped in chanel said she loved tupac but hates some ll seen her at the bar with anklets and toe rings she can take a prince, turn him into a king i was looking at her in the limelight pearly whites said her man get paper but he don't live right all these emotions flowing inside the club do you really wanna thug or do ya want love she gets the paper when it's time to get it on she keeps these clowns thinking like jack b. quick honey smoke make you click, feel it in their throats no joke all this love, let it stay broke out behind every playa is a true playette bounce you up, outta there, push and check takes the choice have you nice and moist or play paper games or floss the rolls royce something like a phenomenon x8 (uh huh) (go ahead daddy) he was king of seduction cop a suction now she was the cat that worked construction starve her with the paper, abuse the mind dis a new lover when you know it's on mine, thats on top lap dancing got to stop you play out your chick cos your game is hot i give you two, italian ice, my whole crew he's banging on my chest till it's black and blue you beefing, yellin' on the cell of my 6 you reach it then you hear the cordless click now your club hopping keep the crystal popping, use my chips, and take the next man shopping hell no, must be out chicago on your knees and elbows each and everytime thats why i love you mami, you run your mouth though your legs over the bed baby, work me out something about a phenomenon x8 (uh huh) (go ahead daddy) he was all sooped up, but played it just right mami i was full blown my game was air tight i needed to switch up and get it in gear its a whole new movie, a world premiere, yeah yeah keep it jinglin, no more minglin brand new year, me and you can bring it in i'm sick and tired of freakin' night to morn' moaning in the mirror with my cubans on let bygones be bygones, no more games hope all the chickenheads go up in flames now we're in the brand new mansion, with lake in back got it all figured out mami i like that collect tips, cop his and her whips to waste a quarter mil' on clothes is sick but you're worth it playgirl, i'ts real in the feel say what you want, but keep you're lips sealed something like a phenomenon x8 (c'mon) (go ahead daddy)
sebastian feat. timbaland. nakaratları söyleyen abimiz timbaland'dir ki şarkının şahsımca bu kadar sevilmesine bir delalettir. sözlük yazarlarının cep telefonu meledileri anketine cevabım olan, dinle dinle bıkamadığım şarap tadı veren şarkı. bahsettiğiniz 100 kişiden 99'unun haberi yoktur bu güzel şarkıdan. şuradan da dinleyebilirsiniz: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdz8pcgtmo4 not: fizy'de bulamadığım şarkıdır. edit: link yenilendi. şöyle de güzel bir versiyonu var, paylaşmak istedim. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql_hbvo5oku
arkadaşlarının tepkisine kızıp bunu ifade ettiğinde barın arkasındaki aynanın patladığı sahne.. rüzgarda salınan ağaca bakıp, o'nu hissederek aynı rüzgarda salınırkan yüzündeki ifade.. kalemi masada dokunmadan ileri geri iterken aynı maddeden oluşan iki varlık arasında iletişim kurarak bunu yaptığını anlatışı, doktorun aynı madde? tahta? sorusuna karbon deyişi.. birbirimizden ayrıksı olmadığımıza dair; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxiumzcblyw ve daha bir sürü olumlu şey, her rastladığımda seyrederimcilerdenim ben de.
geneli gayet güzel olmasına rağmen sonlarındaki duygu sömürüsü ve üstüne philedelphia ile neredeyse birebir aynı tarzda sona sahip olması ile tam olamamış filmdir... ama son sahnelerin bir kısmını kırparsak gayet güzel bir filmdir kendisi... makasımı getirin.
filmde john travolta abimizin canlandırdığı çiftçi karatkerin adı olan george malley, soyadının başına "o" eklemek suretiyle grey's anatomy dizisinde yaratılan aynı naiflikteki bir karakterin adı olarak da kullanılmıştır, nedenini anlayamadığımdır, başka uydurma isim mi kalmadı
okunuşu harika kelime, zaaf gibi bir şey bu sözcük bende alt üst oluyorum duyunca. kadınlarda ayrı bir çekici.. "fınaamınaa" ohş.. bi daha söyle.. "fınaamınaaa" koyum bi daha söyle.. "fınaamınaaa"..
ll cool j'in süper şarkısında who is he and what is he to you* ve white lines* sampleları bulunur.
underrated bir filmdir. film, baştan sona kadar bir gizem içindedir ve sonu dahil hiç anlatmaz baş kahramana ne olduğunu. yani ikinci bir film çekilse yerindedir.
underrated bir albümdür. yine kendisi de underrated olan ufo grubunun albümüdür.
