david duchovny ve angelina jolie nin oynadigi super film
david duchovny'nin ağzından çıkan 'hell doesn't always look like hell, on a nice day, it looks a lot like la' ya da bunun benzeri bir cümleyle zihnime kazınmış, timothy hutton'un alıp götürdüğü film.
kendini tanrı sanmak veya tanrıyı oynamak deyimlerinin ingilizcesi. (bir ihtimal daha var, saydığım deyimler playing god'ı türkçeye çevirme çabaları sonucunda doğmuş da olabilir)
david duchovnynin bol bol yüzdüğü sahneleri barındıran angelina jolie nin ölü taklidi yaptığı sahnesi pek bir güzel olan ,vcdsi ve dvdsi carrefour da satılan film.
(bkz: black and white)
paramore'un brand new eyes albümünden güzel bir şarkı. (bkz: next time you point a finger, i'll point you to the mirror) (bkz: sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun) i can't make my own decisions or make any with precision well, maybe you should tie me up so i don't go where you don't want me you say that i've been changing that i'm not just simply aging yeah, how could that be logical? just keep on cramming ideas down my throat you don't have to believe me but the way i, way i see it next time you point a finger i might have to bend it back or break it, break it off next time you point a finger i'll point you to the mirror if god's the game that you're playing well, we must get more acquainted because it has to be so lonely to be the only one who's holy it's just my humble opinion but it's one that i believe in you don't deserve a point of view if the only thing you see is you you don't have to believe me but the way i, way i see it next time you point a finger i might have to bend it back or break it, break it off next time you point a finger i'll point you to the mirror this is the last second chance (i'll point you to the mirror) i'm half as good as it gets (i'll point you to the mirror) i'm on both sides of the fence (i'll point you to the mirror) without a hint of regret i'll hold you to it i know you don't believe me but the way i, way i see it next time you point a finger i might have to bend it back or break it, break it off next time you point a finger i'll point you to the mirror i know you won't believe me but the way i, way i see it next time you point a finger i might have to bend it back then break it, break it off next time you point a finger i'll point you to the mirror
paramore'un bugün itibariyle klibini çıkardığı brand new eyes şarkısı.
videosunda hayley williams'ı pembe saçlarla görmemizi sağlayan paramore şarkısı. intikam peşindeki hayley, ilaçlı çayla 4 erkeği uyutup bodruma kapatmıştır. klibin sonunda havuç şeklindeki meşhur mikrofonunu göstermeyi ihmal etmez.
sentetik biyoloji ile ilgili bir bbc belgeseli
güne güzel bi başlangıç için vazgeçilmezim. paramore şarkısı olandan bahsediyorum.
