(bkz: ports of call)
(bkz: call of purty 4)
silje "balkız" nergaard denen şeker parçasının 2000 tarihli, hem bazı caz klasiklerini hem de kendi bestelerini seslendirdiği albümü. tracklist'i şöyle: (amazon.com'dan alınmadır, sadece amerikan baskısı için geçerli olabilir) 1. me oh my 2. bewitched, bothered and bewildered 3. do nothing till you hear from me 4. if you love somebody 5. what's new 6. waltz 7. you're kind 8. for all we know 9. shame on you 10. every time we say goodbye 11. dream a little dream 12. don't explain (bkz: at first light)
cruise gemisi tatili yapıyorsanız zırt pırt duyacağınız söz.
beirut'un the rip tide albümünden hoş bir parça. and i i called through the air that night a calm sea voice without light i could only smile i've been alone some time and all in all it's been fine and you you had hope for me now i danced all around it somehow be fair to me i may drift awhile were it up to me you'd know why i called through the air that night the thought was warming inside was it infantile that which we desire were it up to me pull the wool from your eyes and i i called through the air that night my thoughts were still blurry inside we were closer then i'd been alone sometime filled your glass with gin filled your heart with pride and you you had hope for me now i danced all around it somehow be fair to me i may drift awhile if there's a plan for me would it make you smile no, don't want to be there for no one i'd stay here no, i don't want to be there for no one if it's all the same i don't want to follow your light on the sea no, i don't want to be there for no one i can't be saved
the rip tide'ın en iyi şarkılarından. hangisi kötü gerçi ama bu albümün en iyi şarkısı olmak üzere yarışan birkaç şarkıdan birisi. doğru sözleri de şu şekilde: and i, i called through the air that night a calm sea voiced with a lie i could only smile, i've been alone some time and all, and all, it's been fine and you, you had hope for me now i danced all around it somehow be fair to me, i may drift a while were it up to me, you know i'd i, i called through the air that night the faults were swarming inside was it infantile, that which we desired? were it up to me, all from your eyes and i, i called through the air that night my thoughts were still buried inside we were closer then, i've been alone some time filled you glass with gin filled your heart with pride and you, you had hope for me now i danced all around it somehow be fair to me, i may drift a while if there's a plan for me would it make you smile? no, don't want to be there for no one i can see
(bkz: hamnstad)
