(bkz: power fm 100)
(bkz: üs)
kucukken bi cok elektrikli alette (radyodan hatırlarım) yazan anlamını tam olarak bılmesemde kullanılıs amacını bildigim lakin hep kıl oldugum bir kelime.
guc, kullanım alanına ve ölcu sistemine göre hp (horsepower= beygir gucu), watt vb. adlandirilabilri. elektrik elemanlarında voltaj*akım*zaman, tork yaratan guc istasyonlarında ve motorlarda tork*devir formulleriyle ifade edilebilir.
(bkz: povver)
xp'nin güzel wallpaper'larından birinin adı. silver desktop theme'le hoş bir kombinasyon sağlıyor.
helloween'nin "the time of the oath" albümünde yer alan 3:28 süreye sahip mükemmel parça.sözler çok etkileyicidir. power can you imagine someone being true turn `round and put himself in front of you sometimes it's fun but then you never know how far a thing like this might go all my life i've waited for a chance to get right out of here and when i had it in my hands i could not let it go we've got the power, we are divine we have the guts to follow the sign extracting tension from sources unknown we are the ones to cover the throne try if you can to come where we have gone you may achieve what can't be simply done look back and there you are where we have been and still there's so much in between all those years i've travelled `round this world now i am standing here to make you sing these tunes and know they'll never let you go we've got the power, we are divine we have the guts to follow the sign extracting tension from sources unknown we are the ones to cover the throne
manowar'ın sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun the power i’ve got the power to fly into the wind the power to be free to die and live again this powers like fire fire loves to burn make the world a grave of ashes in an urn the power in the darkness to see without my sight walk among the living free of wrong and right the power of the magic the power of the spell not to serve in heaven but one day rule in hell power this powers greater than love and of hate this is the power of will and of fate the power to kill the power to feel the power of blood the triumph of steel greater than the power of a priest or a sinner the power to defy to fight and be the winner the power of the demons spirits i command always by my side to serve the masters plan power none can fight the power none can fight the wind secrets of all life and death are carried there within call out to the power of darkness and light have dominion of the earth be lord of all the night kill all those who stand against you look into their eyes drink their blood and laugh as they pay for all their lies piss upon their grave then cast a final spell fly into the night and one day meet in hell power
manowar parçasındaki harika bass solosu ki elektrogitarla birlikte süper senkron çalınmıştır harika ötesidir.ilk izlediğimde şok olunur demaio'nun parmakları takip edilemez.
konserde normal süresinin iki katı uzunluğunda çalınan helloween şarkısı.
diablo'da strength'e +11 ile +15 arasinda bi sayi veren suffix.
(bkz: dark power)
magic the gathering'de yaratıkların saldırı gücü. bi nevi...
(bkz: m power)
kansas adli grubun 1986 yilinda çikardiği en güzel albümlerinden biri.10 tane sarkinin 10'u da güzel.maalesef zamaninda kasetini almişiz,''ah bir şekilde cd ya da mp3 ünü bulabilsem keske'' dedirten albüm
süt, muz likörü ve nescafe karışımından yapılan bir kokteyl adı. yapılışı; (hani olurya sütü içip, şişeyi kıçına sokanlar olur) geniş bir shakerda, 1lt süt, bir şişe muz likörü ve iki paket nescafe pembeleşinceye kadar karıştırılır. köpürtülmesi tavsiye edilir. soğuk servis yapınız.
(bkz: power horse)
ingilizce siyaset bilimi kitaplarında genellikle $öyle geçer : "the ability of one person to cause another to do what the first wishes,by whatever means. ya da "the ability of one that makes another do"
öyle abidik gubidik kiyafetler giyip ,salak salak isler yapip, bide sonuna rangers koyarak , dallamalar tarafindan anlamina tecavüz edilmis kelime....halbuki manowar ne kadar da yüceltmisti..
bi de lord raydenin yüce bir lafi vardir ..."süphesiz ki der iz no nowlic det is nat pavir" diye...
klavyede yazması en zevkli kelimedir belki de. sağ el orta parmak "p"ya, sağ işaret parmağı "o"ya konur. sol el yüzük, orta ve işaret parmakları da sırasıyla "w", "e" ve "r" harflerine konur. bu şekilde o kadar hızlı bir şekilde yazabilirsiniz ki, ekranda çıkan herfler sırayla görünmezler bile. "trrrtt" diye bir ses ve ekranda "power" yazısı belirir.*
riff i pek bi oynak rainbow sarkısı. sabah aksam ''power!!'' diye gezdigimi hatırlarım. tabi ki sozlerini kopyala yapıstır yapayımda tam olsun. everybody's sayin' that the times are getting rough you gotta stay loose baby and you gotta be tough...oh i get knocked down...get right back up again cause i never give up and i never give in... oh - so strong got the power when i turn it on yeah - i'm gonna get my fill nothin's gonna stop me now and nothin' ever will i got the...power i got the power i feel the power... and don't forget it make some, break some ain't no big surprise they're gonna wheel ya, deal ya, tell ya all the lies...(realize) but i'm a hot shot, shoot em down let me be (that's me) cause i got nothin' for nothin' and nothin's ever free...no oh - so strong all i gotta do is turn it on yeah - i'm gonna get my fill nothin's gonna stop me now and nothin' ever will i got the power oh, i got the power i can feel the power i got the power yeah yeah yeah...turn it on i can take anything that gets in my way i don't worry 'bout tomorrow i just live for today... oh - so strong got that feeling when i turn it on yeah - i'm gonna get my fill nothin's gonna stop me now and nothin' ever will i got the power i can feel the power power i can feel the power... turn it on... power (can you feel it) power (repeat) (you can turn it on, turn it on, switch it on behind) (super charged...i can feel the power)
ks. performance optimization with enhanced risc ibm tarafından dizayn edilmiş bir risc mimarisi*. aynı zamanda bu mimariyi kullanan işlemcilere verilen isim. power5, power4 gibi isimler almakta olan bu işlemcilerin şu anda en yenisi power5* dir. bu işlemciyle birlikte cpular sanallaştırılmış ve 0.1 in katları şeklinde makinelere cpu aktarım olanağı sağlanmıştır*. bu yeni özellik plm ile birlikte kullanıldığında oldukça güçlü bir cpu kullanım otomasyonu sağlamaktadır.
oto bakım ürünleri markası. oto torpido parlatıcıları, silikonlar, süt silikon, jant parlatıcı, lastik parlatıcı, oto şampuanı, cam suyu, motor temizleme spreyi, profesyonel silikon gibi ürünleri mevcuttur. tüm benzin istasyonlarında (istanbuldan bildiğim kadarıyla) temin edilir, uygulanır.
ing. iktidar
marcus miller'dan power için; http://youtube.com/watch?v=siqfdhp0d5s
sekizinci nesil çaylak.
almanyada plus adli supermarket zincirinin urettigi-urettirdigi tutun ve tutun urunleri markasi.zorunda kalinmadikca, sigaralarindan alinmamalidir.
barrabas grubunun 1973 tarihinde çıkardığı, kapağında kıllı bir erkek bileği ile bileğin bitiminde bulunan elin avucunda oturan grup elemanlarının bulunduğu albüm. grubun yayınladığı ikinci albümdür. bu albümde yer alan şarkılar şu şekildedir: 1. mr money 2. boogie rock 3. keep on moving 4. the horse 5. casanova 6. you know 7. children 8. time to leave
sekizinci nesil yazar.
smallville 8.sezon 13. bölümün ismi.
muthis bir (bkz: clawfinger) calismasi/klasigi.. you're politically correct no matter what you say convincing us all in every single kind of way cos you frame the words so that we really believe that there's a depth in the message that you're trying to achieve so you twist your tongue to make it all sound true making us believe that we haven't got a clue you tell us all exactly what you think we want to hear with theatrical tactics to boost your career every promise you make is just a promise you break and you can never admit that you could make a mistake because you say one thing and you mean something else you only care about yourself and your wealth so all i say is power to the one who doesn't want it power to the one who doesn't want it power to the one who doesn't want it power to the one who doesn't want it do you want it, why do you want it with your military mind you were born a leader and discipline and order is an everyday procedure so bring out the man in every innocent boy and teach them how to kill so they can search and destroy to protect and to serve and die with honour and pride you say you're fighting for peace but that's the biggest lie you're preparing for war and your martial law but you don't know what it's for anymore so all i say is power to the one who doesn't want it power to the one who doesn't want it power to the one who doesn't want it power to the one who doesn't want it do you want it, why do you want it power is a sickness power is to blame power is a weapon and it's driving me insane power is an enemy power is pain power is a war but to you it's just a game power is glory power is gold power is chaos and you're out of control power isn't freedom power is a cage power is your sin and it feeds my rage power to the one who doesn't want it power to the one who doesn't want it power to the one who doesn't want it do you want it, why do you want it power to the one who doesn't want it do you want it, why do you want it power to the one who doesn't want it do you want it, why do you want it power to the one who doesn't want it do you want it, why do you want it power to the one who doesn't want it
klavyede yazmayi en cok sevdigim kelime. o kadar hizli yaziliyor ki, silip silip bir daha yaziyorum.
bir kanye west şarkısı, adam 21st century schizoid man samplelayıp bildiğin greg lake'i araya giren zenci yapmış. noktalı peki koyup youtube linkini veriyorum: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9bor3beyai buna benzer bir başka çalışma için (bkz: best rapper alive)
"@2* sikmiş beyler**" *kanye west **power isimli yeni şarkısı
bu da sözleri: kanye west] i’m livin’ in the 21st century doin’ something mean to it do it better than anybody you ever seen do it screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it i guess every superhero need his theme music no one man should have all that power the clock’s tickin’, i just count the hours stop trippin’, i’m trippin’ off the power (21st century schizoid man) the system broken, the schools closed, the prisons open we ain’t got nothin’ to lose, ma’f-cka, we rollin’ huh? ma’f-cka, we rollin’ with some light-skinned girls and some kelly rowlands in this white man’s world, we the ones chosen so goodnight, cruel world, i see you in the mornin’ huh? i see you in the mornin’ this is way too much, i need a moment no one man should have all that power the clock’s tickin’, i just count the hours stop trippin’, i’m trippin’ off the power ‘til then, f-ck that, the world’s ours and then they (go) and then they and then they (go) and then they (21st century schizoid man) f-ck snl and the whole cast tell ‘em yeezy said they can kiss my whole ass more specifically, they can kiss my asshole i’m an asshole? you n-ggas got jokes you short-minded n-ggas’ thoughts is napoleon my furs is mongolian, my ice brought the goalies in now i embody every characteristic of the egotistic he know, he so, f-ckin’ gifted i just needed time alone, with my own thoughts got treasures in my mind but couldn’t open up my own vault my childlike creativity, purity and honesty is honestly being prodded by these grown thoughts reality is catchin’ up with me takin’ my inner child, i’m fighting for it, custody with these responsibilities that they entrusted me as i look down at my dia-mond-encrusted piece n-gga, no one man should have all that power the clock’s tickin’, i just count the hours stop trippin’, i’m trippin’ off the power ‘til then, f-ck that, the world’s ours and then they (go) and then they and then they (go) and then they and then they (go) and then they (21st century schizoid man) colin powells, austin powers lost in translation with a whole f-ckin’ nation they say i was the obamanation (abomination) of obama’s nation well, that’s a pretty bad way to start the conversation at the end of day, goddammit, i’m killin’ this sh-t i know damn well y’all feelin’ this sh-t i don’t need yo’ p-ssy, bitch, i’m on my own d-ck i ain’t gotta power trip, who you goin’ home with? how ‘ye doin’? i’m survivin’ i was drinkin’ earlier, now i’m drivin’ where the bad bitches, huh? where ya hidin’? i got the power, make yo’ life so excitin’ (so excitin’) now this would be a beautiful death jumpin’ out the window lettin’ everything go lettin’ everything go n-now-now this would be a beautiful death jumpin’ out the window lettin’ everything go lettin’ everything go now this would be a beautiful death jumpin’ out the window lettin’ everything go lettin’ everything go you got the power to let power go
2009 çıkışlı boys noize albümüdür. çok gaz bir albümdür, sert elektronik müziğin hasıdır. gax kontact me starter jeffer transmission nerve trooper drummer sweet light rozz box nott heart attack ab!
alejandro ile son yılların en guzel şarkısı. kanye, yapmıs yine yapacagını.
limitless'ın fragmanının sonunda çalan kanye west şarkısı.
bunun jay-z'li remixi de enfestir.
kanye west'in açık ara en iyi şarkısı. son albümündeki en göze batan parça olan power'ın klibini ise marco brambilla çekmiş. illuminati sembollerinin sıklıkla kullanıldığı klip, keşke short version'a çekilmeseydi. yine de son yıllardaki en catchy parçalardan birini türle alakası bile olmayan insanlara sevdirebildi. sonuç olarak kanye, hawaii'de kayıt için harcadığı 9 ayın karşılığını alıyor. bize de dinlemek düşüyor. -klişe on- işte olay yaratan klip -klişe off- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l53gjp-ttge
savaş ve sömürü karşıtı bir şarkıdır. kanye özellikle 2nci versede ellerindeki gücü kendilerini güçlendirmek için kullananlara seslenir. power to the people! jay-z'li remiz'inin adı "swizz beatz power remix"'dir. bu remix'de jay-z'i ve swizz'in i got the power sample'ini dinleyebilirsiniz. şık olmuş. işte o remix: [jay-z] is this thing on? oh, i thought they silenced us, ye power to the people we livin’ in that 31st century, futuristic fly shit the penthouse is the projects and everybody flies private new watch, know what time it is, watch us (you see us) they can’t stop us, prophets, biaaatches [kanye west] no one man should have all that power (yeah) the clock’s tickin’, i just count the hours (yeah) stop trippin’, i’m trippin’ off the power (no one man should have all that power) [jay-z] rumble, young man, rumble life is a trip, so sometimes, we gon’ stumble you gotta go through pain in order to become you but once the world numbs you, you’ll feel like it’s only one you now you got the power to do anything you want to until you ask yourself, “is this what it’s all come to?” lookin’ at life through sunglasses and a sunroof but do you have the power to get out from up under you f-ck all these labels, f-ck what everybody wants from you they tryna axl rose you, welcome to the jungle to be continued, we on that norman mailer shit in search of the truth, even if it goes through taylor swift tell her this no one man should have all that power (power-power-power-power-power) and then they and then they and then they and then they [kanye west] now when i walk in, everybody do the “power” clap clap, clap, clap fresh for the club, i just took a half an hour nap clap, clap, clap i seen people go crazy on the whole world, an hour lap clap, clap, clap my socket was out the plug, now it’s time to get the power back clap, clap i seen people abuse power, use power, misuse and then lose power power to the people at last, it’s a new hour now we all ain’t gon’ be american idols but you can least grab a camera, shoot a viral huh? take the power in your own hands i’m a grown man, doin’ my grown dance i don’t stop until i see the end, my vision clear, bitch i’m on my van gogh, i don’t hear shit [chorus] no one man should have all that power the clock’s tickin’, i just count the hours stop trippin’, i’m trippin’ off the power ‘til then, f-ck that, the world’s ours and then they say and then they say and then they say and then they say and then they say and then they say now everything i’m rhymin’ on cause a ramadan been a don, prayin’ for the families lost in the storm bring our troops back from iraq, keep our troops out of iran so the next couple bars, i’ma drop them in islam they say assalamu alaikum, say wa alaikum asalaam that’s no oscar mayer bacon, you should run and tell your moms now the question is, how we gon’ stop the next vietnam? keep flex out of korea, ’cause you know he drop bombs [swizz beatz] showtime! hey, yo, yeezy, stop playin’ with these people, man they want see you act all crazy in this muf-cka, man take that jacket off and go crazy on them niggas, man you know what i’m talkin’ ’bout? [kanye west] what do it mean to be the boss? it mean second place is the first one who lost the crucifixion, the being nailed to the cross truth or fiction, it’s a hell of a cost, do the dishes i’m ’bout to hit that jeff gordon michael jordan, the only one more important but i be feelin’ like jordan when i’m recordin’ ‘cause every time i record, i dunk to slap the boards i don’t know what these rappers gon’ do after wards prolly spaz like i might do at the awards huh, i got the whole crowd goin’ crazy homie, i should be rewarded gettin’ money, yeezy, yeezy, how you do it, huh? eatin’ wheaties, drinkin’ fiji, bein’ greedy, huh? don’t even think you can allude to the rumors i’m immune to the booze, i’m a prude to you losers it’s all in time, my nigga see, i dreamed my whole life that i could rhyme with jigga now jay my big brother and bey my lil sister and excuse me, but, you can’t see my lil sister number one sound across the board, hey number one now and forevermore, hey number one rule is n-ggas don’t hate maybe i’ll drop the album, nah, all y’all gotta wait and on the ‘net they showin’ pictures of my cali place my maybach in ny, but it still got the cali plates all my old girls know that i’m the one that got away i think about at christmas, and play some donny hathaway and keep my bulletproof hater coat on lookin’ at some photos that i’m lookin’ crazy dope on hand up, talkin’ sh-t, yeah, i get my pope on and go home wit something to poke on that’s what dre said, but this what ‘ye said how ‘ye doin’? who ‘ye screwin’? that’s for my dick to know, before you get to know em she ain’t give you ass? that pussy fictional i gotta give her the eviction note ‘tis “get yo’ ass out, bitch, vamonos” five seconds to the song, and we gettin’ close i got the power, muf-cka, if you didn’t know [swizz] chill, chill, chill, chill, man chill, ‘ye, chill sh-t’s burnt up already it’s over [end]
amazing ile birlikte duyduğum en sağlam parçalarından biri kanye'nin, yakında peygamberliğini ilan ederse şaşırmam. hafiften illuminati atmosferine kayması ise gözümden kaçmadı, "neyin peşindesin birader" diyorum kendisine burdan. (bkz: i see what you did there)
saints row the third trailer'ında çalıp trailer'a +9 power etkisi veriyor bu şarkı. tek başına kanye west sevme sebebi. hoş gerçi hatunun vokalleri harika ben esas oraya takıldım da neyse şimdi. kanye candır hatun vokalin arkasına atılmaz. her ne kadar dallama olsa da severiz kendisini. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llmszzkeexy
aynı zamanda numb3rs dördüncü sezon on ikinci bölümünün adı.
1-ß. istatistiksel manada, yanlış sıfır hipotezini reddetme ihtimalidir.
bütün süper kahramanların tema müziğine ihtiyaç duymasından yola çıkılarak yapılan şarkı, dinleyen herkes süper kahraman etrafta taytla dolaşıyorlar. kanye west'e sempati duyma sebebi.
(bkz: sounds that can't be made)
bütün derdimi tasamı tertemiz etmiş, müziğin varlığına dua ettirmiş yepyeni marillion şarkısı.
sözleri şu şekildedir: you carry me around like loose change jingle-jangling at the bottom of your bag you don't seem to feel it though as you swing down the street walking that unique birthday-candle glow in broad daylight in broad daylight and you don't even know.. the way i love you you never knew power, did you? y'thought that power was in a strong arm people passing laws and gold tsunamis and mushroom clouds oh babe that's nothing.. you think it's kinda sweet the stammer and the tremble in my voice but don't mistake it for weakness or some kind of incompleteness cause round about now i can feel it tingle-tangling it's coiled up inside me and it's ready to blow.. you never knew power, did you? y'thought it fizzed in the overhead lines burning steel and bone to carbon saturn 5 in vertical climb you never knew power, did you? 'thought it roared like niagra falls or melted stone under volcanoes earthquake-thunder lightning-storms the way i love you it's something you don't understand the way i love you took more than i could imagine, even now you never knew power all the time you felt so strong but now you can't function awake or asleep as the meaningless world falls away from your feet and the universe ceases it's light-speed retreat life was sweet in the meteor-shower of the star-high divine when you sparkled and fell from heaven to hell and ten years grinding by in every hour i know all about power listen to the rain you might feel a tremble you might feel it (bkz: sounds that can't be made) (bkz: marillion)
bir big gigantic ve griz buluşması...
