sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun i can't get this pressure point out of my head i can't get this pressure point out of my head i feel it in work, you know, i feel it in bed i can't get this pressure point out of my head i've paid all my bills and i've acted so well ain't been cheating, there's nothing to tell so why all this pressure, i dont understand i call on my neighbours, and lend them a hand doctor, oh doctor, i'm willing to learn well all of my bones, well they toss and they turn mother, oh mother, i'm begging you please to rid me of madness and cure this disease ... (?) told you what i have become with all of this pressure, my mind's on a run ... (?) changing, let's hope for the best maybe it's something to get off my chest doctor, oh doctor, i'm begging you please to rid me of madness and cure this disease mother, oh mother, i'm willing to learn well all of my bones, well they toss and they turn pressure pressure pressure pressure... pressure pressure pressure pressure... pressure pressure pressure pressure... pressure pressure pressure pressure... i can't get this pressure point out of my head i can't get this pressure point out of my head i feel it in work, you know, i feel it in bed i can't get this pressure point out of my head pressure pressure pressure pressure... pressure pressure pressure pressure... pressure pressure pressure pressure... pressure pressure pressure pressure... diye soylenen the zutons parcasi.
the zutons'un debut albumleri who killed.. the zutons?' in 2 numarali sarkisi. oldukca gaz bir sarki, en sonunda sizinde bagirasiniz geliyor..
şarkıyı bir türlü kafamdan atamıyorum. işteyken oldukça sıkıntı oluşturuyor. i can't get this pressure song out of my head i can't get this pressure song out of my head i feel it in work, you know, i feel it badly i can't get this pressure song out of my head
on yüz bin milyon kere pressure demekten dil düğümleyebilecek şarkı. aü ü-ü! aaaaarrrgh diye delirdi adam en sonunda yazık. gün geçmiyor ki insanlar baskılar yüzünden böyle delirmesin. ben de böyle olcam az kaldı.
ing. baskı noktası. atar damar kanamalarında, kanayan uzvun daha gerisindeki atar damar üzerine el, yumruk ya da dizle baskı uygulamak suretiyle kanamayı durdururabileceğimiz nokta / bölge.
