iced earth something wicked this way comes albumu 11. sarki, something wicked uclemesinin ilk bolumu. bunda iced earth'in iron maiden hayranliginin bir etkisi var midir acep. tabi su da var ki iron maiden'in 1998 tarihli seventh son of a seventh son albumundeki 6. sarki nin basinda "the" var (bkz: the prophecy) (kaynak http://www.ironmaiden.co.uk/…phy/ssoass/index.shtml)
korg'un kaliteli bir synthesizerı.
iced earth'un live versiyonunu dinlemesi daha bi keyifli olan guzel sarkisi. i can see clearly now, a painful vision indeed an attack on hallowed ground, from high above alien to us, the species known as man a serious threat, in the eyes of the elder so heed my warning, before our own existence falls near extinct our culture is lost in ancient mystery, covered in the sands of time a sacred few survive the massacre this night in secret they will meet a new society ten thousand years from now, a child will be born i've seen the vision, the writing on the wall he'll walk the earth, two thousand years or more paving the way, for mankind's fall so there is hope you see, but we must act with great speed assemble the chosen, the ones to lead, and morph them in the likeness of man oppressed for centuries, await the prophecy the child will set us free, reclaim it rightfully we'll take their identity and live among them free all the while, plotting events that mold their history we'll build the perfect beast with the knowledge that they seek if it takes ten thousand years, we never will retreat assassins we will be, through human history jesus christ to kennedy, the domino decree disciples of the watch, prepare the coming curse if it takes ten thousand years, we never will retreat and so, our world is doomed, we'll lay claim again some day there is hope, in the birth of one, so many centuries away
benim biricik sevgilimin,canım aşkımın nicki.
hayat kaynağım, yaşam sebebim.
15 haziran 2000'de piyasaya sürülen magic the gathering* serisi... 27 black, 27 blue, 27 green, 27 red, 27 white, 6 artifacts ve 2 land olmak üzere toplam 143 karttan oluşur... (55 common, 44 uncommon, 44 rare, 20 land)
türk metal grubu. ilk demolarıyla isimlerini glorian olarak değiştirmişlerdir.
bir queensryche parçası. grupla aynı adı taşıyan 83 çıkışlı ep'lerinden.
online dvd kiralama yuzunden once ikincisini seyretmek durumunda kaldigim seri. (bkz: christopher walken)
mekong deltanın 03/22/1988 tarihinde çıkarttığı albümü the music of erich zann ın 6. parçası sözleri : [mekong delta, j. jenkins] before the night is over, you'll be initiated too. you are elected for the world, you must be prepared when the time will come listen to the prophecy now you're given from the great old ones the music in your hands is a bastion why me? tell me, out there. isn't it deceit, man? pay the price. believe me, i'm too weak. you've got inner strength, man. ability's your might deceive me! take my doubts away. you've got no choice, man. it's the only way! what should i think of this? 'cause much too many have failed this way maybe it's just another paralogism and my mind fools me now i listen to the prophecy now that i'm given from the great old ones the music in my hands could be a bastion why me? tell me, out there. isn't it deceit, man? pay the price. believe me, i'm too weak. you've got inner strength, man. ability's your might deceive me! take my doubts away. you've got no choice, man. it's the only way! listen to the prophecy!
soulfly'in 30 mart 2004 tarihinde cikaracagi albumun adi.
soulfy'ın 4. albumunun adi ve ilk parcasi. tracklist: 01. prophecy 02. living sacrifice 03. execution style 04. defeat u 05. mars 06. i believe 07. moses 08. born again anarchist 09. porrada 10. in the meantime 11. soulfly iv 12. wings ilk parcanin sozleri ise; i see the red sea part in front of me i see the desert clouds bleed above me i'm with the prophets on the final destiny we'll fight the heathens and the ghost enemy this is the prophecy this is the prophecy i see the money beggars on the last temptation we're marching now through the devastation i'm with the prophets on a mission of salvation cities falling, nations falling nations this is the prophecy this is the prophecy i see the new millennium tribal warfare i see them blind sheep going nowhere the new exodus, just like they said i see the crown of thorns, you know i was there this is the prophecy this is the prophecy i see the times in this armaggideon i see the flag of the conquering lion i must reach the mountains of zion i'm with the prophets and the prophecy goes on this is the prophecy this is the prophecy new millennium tribal war new millennium tribal war new millennium tribal war new millennium tribal war march 30th as the prophecy now dictates.
yönetmenliğini gregory widen'ın yaptığı 3filmlik serinin 1995 yapımı ilk filmi. oyuncu kadrosu christopher walken, virginia madsen, viggo mortensen ve amanda plummer ile göz dolduruyor,konusu da gayet ilgi çekici ancak filmde en çok hoşuma giden yönetmenin çekimler için kullandığı mekanlar ve renkler oldu... ayrıca meleklerin oturuş tarzı pek hoş olmuş, akıllardan çıkacak gibi değil.
'the child will set us free, reclaim it rightfully' dizesinden sonra bambaşka bir boyuta geçen iced earth şaheseri..
(bkz: prophecy productions)
(bkz: bir sözlük bannerı)
(bkz: the prophecy)
ing. kehanet. (bkz: celestine prophecy)
(bkz: self fulfilling prophecy)
mtg'de urza bloğunun bir expansion set'i
(bkz: korg prophecy)
şaka gibi diyerek gerçekliğine inanmayı oldukça zor başardığım, harika bir tesadüftür. yıllar sonra bile, gözlerimin içini güldüren ve kalbimin ritminin bozulmasına sebep olan muhteşem bir tanışma ile hayatıma girmiş ve hak ettiği yeri kazanmıştır. bir piyanonun başında bir akşam üzeri çalınan love song kadar romantik , sıcak bir bodrum akşamı kadar heyecanlı, dünyanın en rahat koltuğunda yayılarak film izlemek kadar huzurlu bir insandır kendisi. şimdi diyorum ki bir playlist yapsan: kafadan high hopes ve gel yad a salma dilber gelse, sonra senaryosu o anda gelişen filmler çekilmeye başlansa ve biz o esnada kaşarlı patates kızartması yesek hoş olmaz mı?
soulfly grubunun 3-4 $arki dişinda (born again anarchist, living sacrifice) ne yapmaya calistigini anlıyamadıgım albumu.
klibinde max cavalera'nın tripleri pek bi guzeldir ama aynı seyi diger grup elemanları icin soyleyemeyecegim.bi de sarkının sonunda ic parcalıyıcı bi ezgi vardır.
death angelın the art of dying albümünün 7. şarkısı enter the tomb of the old mystery in ancient gold all that ever was foretold cycle in constant change temple of doom rearranged many tales remain the same carved in stone enter the tomb ritual under the moon intrigue wrapped all it's own building now what is renown the sky is the cornerstone man fears time fears pyramids journey in sand to resurrect feather of truth is weighed against carved in stone enter the tomb ritual under the moon one last trip river of life prophecy into the sky cursed with clairvoyance the rise and the fall the unknown is shadowed in stone walls "goddess of the sky spread yourself over me among the undying stars that i may not die again" unknown truth ending untold monuments rooms of gold royal history in stone prelude to eternal life souls of our kings are deified opening of the mouth carved in stone enter the tomb ritual under the moon one last trip river of life prophecy into the sky into the sky
'98 cikisli villa elaine albumunde bulunan remy zero sarkisi. consider this a sign. this is a train in the night and now it's time for you to go you know you've had a healthy life, boy. you walk this world like you're a ghost your hands are coming through the needles sick of your tragic and the evils i am the keeper of the songs of everyone look into the sun and see your soul is dying used to feel the faith, but now you're tired of trying should have left alone what you have stolen from everyone how are you feeling? seem a little sick to me now this is a coming of the times you are a witness to the movement if all you're seeing is your lies you had your chance, but now you've blown it. you want this world so you can own it i am the keeper of the songs of everyone look into the sun and see your soul is dying used to feel the faith, but now you're tired of trying should have left alone what you have stolen from everyone how are you feeling? you seem a little sick to me from the light on high a chance to change your fate forgiveness falling down on those who chose to wait remember the time find yourself home again here within my light find yourself a home again find yourself home again it's a choice you have chosen your own it's like i told you i could turn this into light if you raise the mask, who will lead us home tonight look into the sun and see your soul is dying used to feel the faith, but now you're tired of trying should have left alone what you have stolen from everyone how are you feeling? look into the sun and see your soul is dying used to feel the faith, but now you're tired of trying should have left alone what you have stolen from everyone how are you feeling? seems a little sick it seems a little sick it seems a little sick to me now
grip inc şarkısı. incorporated albümünden. sözler ; we can't keep something alive that has no heart so doing what is good is not doing what is right so the beat goes on the time has come to be a hero see your name in bright lights swept away with grand illusions force fed visions of fame your guard is down you are the hunted in a corporate world that has no shame contracts signed all hail the new kings kept in a state of eternal bliss to be stranded like thousands that went before me stranded but i will never lay down come on break out, rise up from oblivion rise up, sinners an saints break out, rise up from oblivion rise up, black sheep shall survive bathing in short living glory quickly becoming a faded memory drowning in the hidden vortex overflowed with ruined lives beaten by the glamour forces *harvest fruitful lays between the lies this phoenix rises out from the ashes from a light that never goes out stranded like thousands that went before me stranded but i will never lay down come on break out, rise up from oblivion rise up, sinners an saints break out, rise up from oblivion rise up, black sheep shall survive hey hey, rise up from oblivion hey hey, sinners an saints hey hey, rise up from oblivion hey hey, sinners an saints hey hey, rise up from oblivion hey hey, sinners an saints hey hey, rise up from oblivion hey hey, sinners an saints stranded like thousands that went before me stranded but i will never lay down stranded like thousands that went before me stranded but i will never lay down come on break out, rise up from oblivion rise up, sinners an saints break out, rise up from oblivion rise up, black sheep shall survive break out, rise up from oblivion rise up, sinners an saints break out, rise up from oblivion rise up, black sheep shall survive
mükemmel parça, iyi albüm.*
iced earth'ın dinlediğim ilk parçası. iron maiden etkileri var gibi. live versiyonu süperdir, stüdyo çekimi gibidir şerefsizim.
super gruplara babalik yapan kayit $irketi.. farz-i misal (bkz: tenhi) (bkz: autumnblaze) http://www.prophecyproductions.de/
tim owens'lı yeni versiyonu youtube'a düşmüş olan iced earth şarkısı. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkexe2itaxk bence olmuş...
prophecy kelime kokeni olarak "prophet isi, hikmeti, olayi" gibi bir manaya geliyor. prophet dedigin de zaten kelime kokeni olarak tanri(lar)in elcisi, arabirimi, mutercimi manasina geliyor. muneccim ile mutercim'in iliskisi de boyle bir iliski, tanri'dan duyuyor bize satiyor.
judas priestin nostradamus albumunun dikkat ceken sarkilarindan. hos vesselam.. soyle de sozleri var; i am the darkness born out of light i am the force the fire that burns here tonight bringing the future to all mankind guider of life - of death the dight of the blind your future lies within my eyes what i predict will terrify i can't control what comes to be from the past to the present to eternity i am nostradamus do you you believe i am nostradamus that i conceive master of chaos anger and rage i hold the key my presence will unlock the cage i am your witness the one who can tell bearing the sword - the shield to your heaven from hell as i unfold the mystery i change the course of history with premonitions from the void will you live, will you die will your worlds collide i am nostradamus the hand of fate i am nostradamus with love and hate lost in this vortex the mystery begins will you be victim saved from your sins time is illusion trapped in the skies destiny's calling hear from my eyes many years ago a boy was born a boy with a gift a gift that would be the envy of all mankind to see what no other could - great visions of the future or would a curse be bestowed on the boy the boy whose name was nostradamus, damus, damus. damus, damus, damus i am nostradamus do not forsake i am nostradamus your life's at stake i am nostradamus the lightning rod i am nostradamus the voice of god celestial comets reign towards earth alchemy's tempest predicting your worth pray for deliverence escape if you can for i have borne witness to the purging of man
stargate sg-1 dizisinin 6. sezon 21. bölümünün adı.
live versiyonu güzel, çok çok güzel olan bir iced earth parçası.
aynı zamanda star trek voyager yedinci sezon on dördüncü bölümünün adı.
