bir beatles sarkisi. epey populer bir sarki ismi. ayrica (bkz: yagmur).
trence trent derby miydi neydi onun boyle bir sarkısı vardı rain rain go away go away...
can ciger dostum, kapisini bir türlü calmayip tekmeledigim $ahsiyet (ama bu bir aliskanlik, n´apiim..), ciglik hatun, cikir :)) bir su net kavgalarimiz olmasa... (bkz: gercek ortamdan sanala gecis)
terence trend d'arby nin rain inde trt nin sabah programindaki sakalli bey ve sarisin hanim televizyonlarimiza "hadi her sabah spor yapalim saglikli olalim hobarey hode hode hey" olgusunu getirmislerdir. 1 seneyi askin her sabah bu sarkiyla atlamis ziplamislardir.
bir mortal kombat karakteri.
jose feliciano sarkisi. listen to the pouring rain listen to it pour, and with every drop of rain you know i love you more let it rain all night long, let my love for you go strong, as long as we're together who cares about the weather? listen to the falling rain, listen to it fall, and with every drop of rain, i can hear you call, call my name right out loud, i can here above the clouds and i'm here among the puddles, you and i together huddle. listen to the falling rain, listen to it fall. it's raining, it's pouring, the old man is snoring, went to bad and bumped his head, he couldn't get up in the morning, listen to the falling rain, listen to the rain.
bir uriah heep $arkisi. rain, rain, rain, in my tears measuring carefully my years shame, shame, shame in my mind see what you've done to my life
it's raining outside... but that's not unusual but the way that i'm feeling...is becoming usual i guess you could say the clouds are moving away away from your days and into mine now it's raining inside.....and that's a shame and it's getting to me...a happy man why should you want to waste all my time the world is yours but i'm mine rain rain rain...in my tears measuring carefully...my years shame shame shame...in my mind see what you've done to my life see what you've done to my life (bkz: uriah heep)
bir guano apes şarkısı ve sözleri i'm alone can't wait until i feel your rain so unreal can't find another place of your rain i believe i still believe in your warm rain i'm alone can't sleep until i feel your rain how can i find love, faith and trust inside of your rain so unreal, can't find another place of your rain i believe i still believe in your warm rain so untrue help me to find through your warm rain i send out my wishes you gave me promises why don't you feel the same (i'm sad, i feel like a little child, somebody left, there is no rain) oh no, i'm waiting how about your rain? i can't believe i still believe in your rain like in heaven i can't wait until i feel your rain so where's your life who's living the rest of your life i can't, i can't, i can't live this life, i can't live this life i can't see in your eyes can't change it, no more tries leave everyone with a smile and you're sad, you feel like a little child somebody's left there is no rain i send out my wishes ...
bir samael şarkısı let it rain a day, a week, a year let it rain thousand years a day that's the divine answer to all the shed tears that's the cyclic flood well known by the ones who know one drop for every broken dream and one for every concieved plan our seeds sown larger our roots will go deeper our trees will grow higher and now we wait the rain let cry the skies to clense the souls let fall the seas to wash the pain away that's the final run to the new age that's the first step to the threshold of this world one drop for every broken dream and one for every concieved plan our seeds sown larger our roots will go deeper our trees will grow higher and now we call the rain here rings a warning a day of wrath for all the days of war a storm of fury to calm the hunger left our seeds sown larger our roots will go deeper our trees will grow higher and now we bring the rain our seeds - larger our roots - deeper out trees - higher and we - stronger
dunyayi cekilebilir yapan sayili seylerden biri
blind melon da yapmis rain diye bir sarki... ellerine saglik...
(bkz: madonna) i feel it, it's coming rain, feel it on my finger tips hear it on my window pane your love's coming down like rain, wash away my sorrow take away my pain your love's coming down like rain when your lips are burning mine and you take the time to tell me how you feel when you listen to my words and i know you've heard, i know it's real rain is what this thunder brings for the first time i can hear my heart sing call me a fool but i know i'm not i'm gonna stand out here on the mountain top till i feel your when you looked into my eyes and you said goodbye could you see my tears when i turned the other way did you hear me say i'd wait for all the dark clouds bursting in a perfect sky you promised me when you said goodbye that you'd return when the storm was done and now i'll wait for the light, i'll wait for the sun till i feel your here comes the sun, here comes the sun and i say, never go away waiting is the hardest thing [it's strange i feel like i've known you before] i tell myself that if i believe in you [and i want to understand you] in the dream of you [more and more] with all my heart and all my soul [when i'm with you] that by sheer force of will [i feel like a magical child] i will raise you from the ground [everything strange] and without a sound you'll appear [everything wild] and surrender to me, to love rain is what the thunder brings for the first time i can hear my heart sing call me a fool but i know i'm not i'm gonna stand out here on the mountain top till i feel your rain, i feel it, it's coming your love's coming down like rain, i feel it, it's coming your love's coming down like [i'll stand out on the mountaintop and wait for you to call my name] rain
madonnanın bu şarkısı ilk çıktığında, "ulan ne klip çekmişler, karı ne güzel görünmüş" derken sözleri ile ilgili de "hadi oradan, olur mu öyle şey" diye düşünürdük... klipte kullanılan ışıklar ve mavi-yeşil ağırlıklı fon gayet dinlendiricidir. sarı ırkın ağırlıkla bulunduğu klip gerçekten de çok çekicidir. 1992 yılında çıkan erotica adlı albümünden olan bu şarkıyı madonna, shep pettibone ile beraber yazmıştır. ayrıca şefin tavsiyesi rain ardından lady annie'den here comes the rain again, roxette'ten queen of the rain, guns n rosestan november rain...
beatles'ın muhteşem şarkısı, sonunda tersten söylerler lyricleri.. rain (lennon/mccartney) if the rain comes they run and hide their heads. they might as well be dead. if the rain comes, if the rain comes. when the sun shines they slip into the shade (when the sun shines down.) and drink their lemonade. (when the sun shines down.) when the sun shines, when the sun shines. rain, i don't mind. shine, the weather's fine. i can show you that when it starts to rain, (when the sun shines down.) everything's the same. (when the sun shines down.) i can show you, i can show you. rain, i don't mind. shine, the weather's fine. can you hear me, that when it rains and shines, (when the sun shines down.) it's just a state of mind? (when the sun shines down.) can you hear me, can you hear me? if the rain comes they run and hide their heads. sdaeh rieht edih dna nur yeht semoc niar eht fi. (rain) nair. (rain) enihsnus.
mortal kombat'ta bir ninja.kirmizi renk bir maske takar.filmde de gorulen rain,bir shao kahn yandasidir.
(bkz: purple rain) (bkz: gentle rain)
bir wish $arkisi.
bir passenger şarkısı. değişik vokal enstantanelerinin yüzdüğü, gaz bir riff'e sahip, hoş bir parça. anders friden'in vokalleri dikkate, her zamanki gibi, değer.
i can t believe it s not rock ep sinden bir şarkı. melting molasses it s been raining fire far too long waterfall corroding my shelter levitated state float away from sandbag feet as silhouettes fade your beauty is rich in a loveless world sold and defined by your choices scrape my head off the melting floor violating the voices it s been raining fire far too long waterfall corroding my shelter *far from the ground, stars coming down you re falling sight into sound, i ll help you down i m calling şeklindeki sözlerinin * dan sonraki kısmı paul mac tarafından yazılmış ve kayıtta da onun tarafından söylenmektedir. love is a four letter word isimli bir avustralya dizisinden görüntülere sahip bir de klibi vardır.
yoko kanno'nun bir şarkısı. cowboy bebop albümlerinin üçüncüsündedir.
günün anlam ve önemini belirtmesi sebebiyle (bkz: november rain)
kwan'ın die is cast albümünden efkar ve hüzün dolu bir parça. i'm just waiting for the rain (x2) the rain (x4) uh-ah tell me who you are declare your identity or you shall not enter uh-ah fear must you not feel have trust in us and hold your sword down lower your shield uh-ah the temptation is too grand we need to be holding hands to get our feet out of this sand uh-ah our world is a desert uh-ah where is the rain? i'm just waiting for the rain (x2) uh-ah we are close to deliverance temperature changes tolerate no interference uh-ah thunder strikes in the sky can you feel the pulse tonight? tencion electrified uh-ah shaba to the rain it's been a hell of a long time since we've been waiting uh-ah our world is a desert uh-ah where is the rain? aaah the rain will come out of the blue to wash the pain away (x2) i'm just waiting for the rain (x2) yeah uh-ah tell me who you are declare your identity or you shall not enter uh-ah thunder strikes in the sky can you feel the pulse tonight? tencion electrified fear must you not feel have trust in us and hold your sword down lower your shield shaba to the rain it's been a hell of a long time since we've been waiting aaah the rain will come out of the blue to wash the pain away (x4)
jason becker'ın perspective albümünün ikinci şarkısı.
(bkz: terence trent darby)
yağmur yağdı da ne oldu dalyaraklar ad ıdğay rumğay!
(bkz: rainman)
aynı zamanda green carnation'ın, a blessing in disguise albümünden güzel bir sarkı. it rained on the day that she went away she never returned searching for something she`d lost on her way she never came back to me it rained on the day that i fell asleep i never returned searching for something i`d lost on my way i never came back to life i dreamt of a mountain that i could not sieze i dreamt of a flower that i could not smell i dreamt of treasures that i could not possess i dreamt of dreams that were not true she found a mountain, but would not seize she found a flower, but would not smell she found treasures, but would not possess she found a life, but would not live to where she went i don`t know but what i felt, she was close she found a mountain, but would not sieze she found a flower, but would not smell she found treasures, but would not possess she found a life, but would not live
bir wish sarkısı. albüm: monochrome. and i was so much younger then, there where the young men were i had it all and more... so much more... until the clouds came in and i watched from a distance how they touched the shore of my island, of the laughing sea i saw them climb my walls and i was frightened and i gained nothing besides the rain... write my name in dust, write my name in heaven alas the sun always shines too late write my name in dust, write my name in heaven alas the sun always shines too late where have all the poets gone since the clouds have stayed i had it all... now that the summer's gone will they stay with me, will you stay with me through times and lives and rain and shine we'll meet again, like we have met before maybe i'm wrong but all seemed better yesterday, yesterday, yesterday, jesters day echoeing through an empty world and i gained nothing besides the rain... our dreams mean nothing once you're not here i swear i'll never dream again without you to stop the rain like circles in the water i know you'll be a wave once you'll reach the shore and i promise i will try to catch you there, please stop the rain if i could give the world, you know i would, just to see you one more time so many things that are left to say, goddamn the rain...
(bkz: talking rain)
(bkz: voodoo rain)
uriah heep'in the magician's birthday albümünden güzel bir parça.
bir baska trivium sarkisi ascendancy den.. parça numarasi = 2 everytime i'm left alone my misery begins to drown me tied by a rope of anxiety thrown overboard as i'm pulled under the tides of this fast paces world i refuse to see time will always be the thing that kills me truly open these eyes waking from a dream feigning my lungs fill up with letdown disapointement in self and everyone expectation died in failure abandonment my unsavior as i'm pulled under the tides of this fast paces world i refuse to see time will always be the thing that kills me truly open these eyes waking from a dream feigning absolution at the sight of your demise i know what i must do choke die choking on your every word swallow every blasphemy absolution at the sight of your demise i know what i must do swallow every blasphemy eat out your heart and make it bleed tie the noose around my neck make this life end
liam gallagher'in bütün vokal stilini borçlu oldugu the beatles sarkisi. hatta oasis'in soundunun temelinin ne oldugunun, oasis soundunun neye benzediginin de cevabidir bu sarki. john* birkaç kere bu tarzda söylemis, liam* bütün tarzini buna oturtmus. olsun, olur; "fark" da bu degil mi zaten? ek - rem41'den de bir bilgi geldi: bu gençler, noel gallagher gruba dahil olup grubun adı oasis olmadan önce rain ismiyle sahne alıyormuş. ek 2 - nick hornby de benim söylediğim şeyi söylemiş, "oasis, rain dönemi the beatles'ı soundlarına temel aldı." demiş. vallahi billahi şu anda öğrendim. bunu yazarken böyle bir şey duymamıştım. aklın yolu birmiş, saygı sunuyorum burdan nick abiye; her ne kadar öyle aman aman sevmesem de.
bu akşam bir davetle izmir bayraklı'da açılacak yeni eğlence mekanı. laila reina tarzı birşey olmuş. http://www.milliyet.com.tr/…05/04/27/ege/ege04.html
bayraklıda faaliyete geçmiş, harika manzaralı eğlence mekanı. giriş ücreti * 25 ytl olup, yok biz masamızda şişe açtıracağız derseniz girişe ücret vermiyorsunuz.
erasure 'ın cowboy'undan bir şarkı. what is there to do?, only rain, falling down from the sky only me and you, fair and plain nothing lost and nothing gained only the love nothing more nothing less comes between us temperature's rising, my passion is burning inside my world in light saving all as one a love that no one can deny my one true light , same for everyone a love we dare you to defy only rain i won't settle for less, but no regret see myself in your own reflection (see myself in your reflection) something in your eyes that tells me why i'm a fool for your warm affection (i'm a fool for your affection) only the love, nothing more, nothing less comes between us temperature's rising, my passion is burning inside my world in light saving all as one a love that no one can deny my one true light , same for everyone a love we dare you to defy only rain (you are my, my one true, my world in light)
(bkz: pınar rain)
izmir in ihtiyacı oldugu mekan. lakin cumartesileri izmir de bir ilki yaşatarak erkek nufusu bayan nufusunu gecen bir mekan olma özelliğini kazanmıştır. kapıdaki iri kıyım arakadaslar galantor amcalara yol verdikçe de anlamsız durum devam edecektir. hafta içi her mekan da oldugu gibi girişe para verilmemektedir. ayrıca yakın bir arkadaşla huzurlu bir sohbet için haftaiçleri tercih edilmelidir.
bir alanis morissette şarkısı. it was the night rod stewart played and we were, were standing in the pouring rain if i had known it was the last time i would see you again... i would change everything... i look through the broken glass i watch the storm go through my mind there's so much i had to say i know the words i left behind and now i'm caught in a daydream with nowhere to run and hide the world rushes by me, it's leaving me here all alone (i would change everything, but i can't do anything i would give all that i have to know where you are) [chorus:] i'll always carry you inside my heart and you you'll never know how much i wonder where you are i always knew that you would take a part of me away with you and i never got to say good-bye i look in the mirror now and all i see is yesterday at night i hear your voice and it is calling out my name and with every hour just hold on to what you can they're lost in a moment and fading away in the night (i would change everything, but i can't do anything i would give all that i have just to know where you are) ...and i never..ever...said good-bye... that night is just a memory but i still feel you standing next to me and when i think i hear your voice all i hear is the rain...
hafta icini bilemem ancak carsamba geceleri girisi gayet 20 ytl dir.
müşteri olmadığında gecenin onbirbuçuğunda dükkanı kapatıp gelenleri geri çeviren mekan. *
izmir'de klubumsu, barimsi bir yer. (bkz: olmamis) (bkz: ozenti) (bkz: bok)
onun sarkisi bunun sarkisi, ama benim icin herseyden once the cult sarkisi. yazmayanlar utansin. hot sticky scenes, you know what i mean like a desert sun that burns my skin i've been waiting for her for so long open the sky and let her come down here comes the rain here comes the rain here she comes again here comes the rain hot sticky scenes, you know what i mean like a desert sun that burns my skin i've been waiting for her for so long open the sky and let her come down here comes the rain here comes the rain here she comes again here comes the rain i love the rain i love the rain here she comes again here comes the rain oh, rain rain rain oh, here comes the rain i love the rain well, i love the rain here she comes again i love the rain rain rain
huzunlu bir george winston cali$masi.
sadece girlie show'da söylenerek yazık edilmiş madonna eseri. şovda vokalistleriyle siyah ambiansta mavi ışık önünde söylemektedir şarkıyı maddy. bi yerden sonra şarkı just my imagination'a kayar sonra dönerler..vs.. çok iyidir. devamında dansçıların bi şovu girer. ancak bu şov dışında turne listesine alınmamıştır.
bir kak sarkisi.
(bkz: cowboy bebop) spike, katedrale doğru ilerliyor... şarkı kulaklarınızda... kalbinizde... vicious içeride, bekliyor... walk in the rain, in the rain, in the rain... vicious ile spike karşılaşıyorlar... ve vicious konuşuyor: cennetten kovulan melekler şeytana dönüşmek zorundadırlar. kara kuşu omzuna tünüyor... spike ise sırıtıyor ve cevap veriyor. `i am only watching a dream that i never awekened from`. -sadece, asla uyanmadığım bir rüyayı izliyorum. işte rain'in bebop'ta çaldığı bölümler... böylesine duygu yüklü bir şarkıya böylesine görkemli bir karşılaşma...
bir dr skull şarkısı.
x japan eski gitaristi pata'nın bir gitar, bir davul ve bir bastan oluşan rock grubu. rock and inspiration anlamına gelir isimleri. vokalsiz müzik yaparlar, müzik için müzik yaparlar, japonca müzik yaparlar ama acayip tatlı insanlardır. gitarda pata, davulda tetsu ve basta da michiaki sanatlarını icra etmektedirler.. ( orjinal yazılışı ra:in şeklindedir )
her yeni açılan izmir mekanı gibi, ilk açıldığında ümit veren ama zaman geçtikte bayağılaşan bir yerdir. ayrıca yaz geceleri hatay ve göztepe civarından bile çıkardığı gürültü duyulabilmektedir buranın.
tuzda baligi gayet leziz yapan ,manzarasina hayran olunan yer.
sol kulaklıktan dinlenince sadece davul ve vokallerin duyulması daha bir hoş olan trivium şarkısı.
her 2 hoparlörden farklı tınılar duyulan madonna şarkısı. hele bir yerinde 2 madonna duyarız sanki düet yapıyorlarmış gibi. süperdir süper.
mirkelam'in tavla adli sarkisinin nedense cok benzedigi jose feliciano sarkisi.
cowboy bebop 5. episodun sonlarına doğru çalan güzel şarkı, seatbelts isimli grubun, hakkında bu entry kadar olan bilgi bununla sınırlı, sözleri aşağıda. i don't feel a thing and i stopped remembering the days are just like moments turned to hours mother used to say if you want, you'll find a way bet mother never danced through fire shower walk in the rain, in the rain, in the rain i walk in the rain, in the rain is it right or is it wrong and is it here that i belong i don't hear a sound silent faces in the ground the quiet screams, but i refuse to listen if there is a hell i'm sure this is how it smells wish this were a dream, but no, it isn't walk in the rain, in the rain, in the rain i walk in the rain, in the rain am i right or am i wrong and is it here that i belong walk in the rain, in the rain, in the rain i walk in the rain, in the rain why do i feel so alone for some reason i think of home
alabildiğine hüzünlü olmasına rağmen insanın içini tatlı tatlı ısıtan uriah heep şarkısı.
ikinci nesil yazar.
haftasonları girişin 30ytl olduğu izmirdeki ciks mekan. otoparka da 10-20 ytl bırakmayı unutmayın. "nolcek ulen girerim" diyenleri bir sürpriz daha bekliyor, red bull vodka 25ytl oha. bira içeyim bari derseniz o da 10ytl. "şişe açtıracam ben" derseniz pazarlık gücünüze bakıyor ama 300-400ytl civarında seyredeceği kesin. siz en iyisi adam başı minimum 100ytl+ hesap bırakmaya hazırlıklı olun. ama ne yaparsa yapsın öğrenci adam kendisini içeriye ait hissedemiyor. içeride can sıkıcı manzaralar görmeye hazır olun, dünya üzerindeki son erkek olsa bile yüzüne bakılmayacak adamların çıtır kızlar ile çılgın attığını görmek pek hoş olmuyor. bana da bana da. ` yiğidi öldür hakkını yeme demişler. mekan çok güzel, düşünenin aklına sağlık.
turkcesini nesrin sipahi cok guzel sozler ve aranjman ile yagmur seninle guzel ismiyle okudu. bir diger turkce versiyonunu da ajda pekkan yagmur ismiyle yapti.
bir norah jones şarkısı olmasının yanısıra 1:38'den itibaren zeytinyağlı* isimli türkünün "kaldım duman içi dağlarda.." diye devam eden iki mısrasını -son bir kaç nota hariç- birebir şaşırtması pek muhtemeldir... not: norah jones söylüyor şarkıyı ama canlı performans, "cover" olması kuvvetle muhtemel, velakin internetten sözleriyle aradım yine de bulamadım kimin şarkısı olduğunu..
yönetmenliğini robert j. wilson'un yaptığı 2001 yapımı bir vietnam filmi. film, vietnam'da savaşmak üzere eğitilmiş bir alman çoban köpeği olan rain'in ve vietnam'da savaşan "bir grup askerin" öyküsünü konu alıyor.
daytona beach'te gidilebilecek 2 gece kulübünden biri. lüks bir ev hissi yaşatan dekoru ve 3 tane havacılık üniversitesinin oluşturduğu popülasyonuyla kendinizi kızların pek rağbet etmediği bir ev partisinde sanabilirsiniz.
alphawezen'in en passant albümünde bulunur. dinlerken okumak veyahut birlikte terennüm etmek isteyenlere: rain, lovely rain purge my mind of sticky thoughts and let it rain lovely rain, come and wash away lead me astray take me to a place where we remain the same one more day, to wax and wane i was lost within your frequencies how beautiful your song now we're older than we used to be it's seems like we are gone
v. c. andrews adlı amerikalı yazarın 4 kitaplık hudson serisinin ilk kitabının ismi*. kitap ismini baş karakter rain hudsondan almıştır.
patty griffin şarkısının, norah jones cover'ı mutlaka dinlenmeli diye düşündüğüm şarkı. dinlerken insanın avaz avaz sözleri bağırası geliyor.
yaşayan en büyük gitaristin, jose feliciano'nun bu şarkısının değişik bir tılsımı vardır. alıp götürür. az önce kül tablasında unuttuğum sigara koltuğu yaktı, iz bıraktı. ama gülüyorum. çünkü koltuktaki diğer iz, iki sene önce gene aynı şarkıyı dinlerken dalgınlığıma gelen sigaranın izi. oehh bea böyle bir şarkı işte.
izmir'de bulunan çakma reina. kapının önünde içerdeki misafirden daha çok koruma bulunduran, ağır abileri ve yanlarındaki kadıncıkları masalarına kadar götüren iddialı mihmandarların da olduğu izmir'e ait olamamış bir mekân. otur kordon'da, boku mu çıktı?
walking in the rain never be the same dizeleriyle başlayan dr skullın rules 4 the fools albümünün dokuzuncu parçası..
genesis'in memleketi guildford'tan çıkan ikinci progressive vaka. 2004 yılında internetten mp3 formatında yayınlanan cerulean blue albümü oldukça önemli isimlerden çok güzel yorumlar aldı. parçalarında zaman zaman pink floyd, genesis, radiohead tadı hissediliyor. şu ana kadar çıkan tek albümleri ve dolayısıyla ilk albümleri olmasına rağmen oturmuş soundu dikkat çekiyor. albüm daha sonra telos music'ten cd formatında daha kaliteli bir kayıtla ve ekstralarla piyasaya sürüldü. albümde gitar, bass, klavye, bateri, jerusalem pipes isimli yöresel bir enstruman ve vokaller rain'e ait, ayrıca rob brown ve iain ballamy anlatımlarda sesleriyle, philip morgan saksafonuyla, rebecca percy kemanıyla, hannah payne çellosuyla, kevin moorey baterisiyle rain'e eşlik etmişler ve ortaya inanılmaz leziz bir albüm çıkmış... grubun resmi sitesi olan http://www.telosmusic.net/ adresinden cerulean blue albüme ulaşılabilir... kadro rain - vokal, gitar, bass, klavye, bateri, jerusalem pipes rob brown, iain ballamy - seslendirme philip morgan - saksafon rebecca percy - keman hannah payne - çello kevin moorey - bateri bilgilendirici edit: bu yazı progturk'teki kendi tanıtımımdan alınmıştır, kendime izin verdim sorun yok dağılabilirsiniz.
bir status quo şarkısı. helloween da coverlamıştır. how can i see what i'm leaving for how can i give what i gave before how can you tell me that you want me to stay how can i stay when i'm trying to say that i can live without the rain yes i can live without the rain how can i feel what i'm trying to feel how can move when i'm heel to heel you're always shouting about the doubt in my eye but i can't answer 'cos my eyes are so dry [ find more lyrics at ] now i can live without the rain yes i can live without the rain i can live without the rain that's falling on my head rain that's falling on my head rain that's falling rain that's falling rain that's falling on my head i started thinking back to you know when i'd like to send a line but then again how can i write you when there ain't no light i'm feeling thight tonight and that's alright now i can live without the rain yes i can live without the rain
ilk dinleyişimde hoşuma giden, marius ve giulia düeti * güzel şarkı. sözlerini de yazalım tam olsun. giulia: standing in the rain calling out your name life is not the same without you… marius: stars are brightening shiny in the sky friends are sitting quiet side by side lovers walking hand in hand together here we are alone and out of time… giulia: standing in the rain calling out your name life is not the same without you… giulia & marius: standing in the rain calling out your name life is not the same without you… marius: is it love that keep us all alive do we search for soulmates on our life can we ask the sun to shine forever doesn`t have to be all black & white.... giulia: standing in the rain calling out your name life is not the same without you… giulia & marius: standing in the rain calling out your name life is not the same wïthout you…
yaniliyor olabilirim ama galiba muzik tarihinde "psychedelic" sifati ilk defa bu sarkiya uygun gorulmustur. yaniliyor olsam da sarki mukemmelliginden en ufak birsey kaybetmez. o gitarlar, o basslar, ringonun tarih yazarcasina caldigi bateri. yok boyle bir sarki ulan! ayrica lennon'un lsd ile git gide hasir nesir olmasinin eseridir bu sarki. yagmur, aslinda ruh halidir ve nasil olacagi tamamen insanlarin elindedir (when it rains and shines, its just a state of mind). "can you hear me?" ve "i can show you" sozleri, lennon'un yol gosterici rolunu ne kadar ciddiye alacagina dagir saglam ipuclaridir (bir sene sonra gelen all you need is love bu rolu artik dunyadaki herkesten daha cok ustlendigini kanitlar). nitekim butun bu bilgiler bir yana, mukemmel, harika, fevkelade, muazzam bir sarkidir. 1966 cikisli olup, klibinde olabilecek en yakisikli, en seksi, en cool lennon'u da goruruz. (bkz: hastasiyim)
maori şair hone tuwhare'nin tüm duyulara seslenen şiiri rain i can hear you making small holes in the silence rain if i were deaf the pores of my skin would open to you and shut and i should know you by the lick of you if i were blind the something special smell of you when the sun cakes the ground the steady drum-roll sound you make when the wind drops but if i should not hear smell or feel or see you you would still define me disperse me wash over me rain
armin van buuren'in imagine albümünde yer alan hoş bir şarkı. vokallerde cathy burton bulunmaktadır.
mohito istedik barmen yapmam dedi, sigara istedik yok dediler ama eğlenmemizi engelleyemediler, coz house music makes me groovy :p ...bi de izmirde rain ismiyle mekan açmak bence komik shannon hoon ne der bilirsiniz; "theres no rain"
uriah heep'in rain'i, canli olarak: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1nypekfrbq
inanılmaz keyifli bir anjulie şarkısı. ya da benim müzik zevkimde köklü değişimler var. bilemedim. sözlerini de dökelim... i got caught out in the rain... with you, with you... i got caught out in the rain; (never fall in love again,) with you, with you, with you... it's been about a year since we last spoke, and every day i thought about you, thought you oughta know, uh-huh; what do i do with this fire inside of me? always been you, baby, i'm desiring... i know you're no good for me, and i know you're like a drug, it's killing me; but i don't wanna get my fix - no, baby, i don't wanna let you in, no-oh i got caught out in the rain (the rain); never fall in love again, with you, with you, with you... i got caught out in the rain (the rain); never gonna love again, with you, with you, with you... started in october, by june it was over; said you're still in love, but you were tryna get over: you think of me daily, picture our babies, said you're tryna change, and that you wanted to save me... the heat of the summer was pulling me under; i knew i knew better, but wanted to rediscover familiar feelings, and sexual healing... but when i hit the water, i was stuck in the deep end... doctor, doctor, something wrong with me; again and again, still the same boy hurtin me; i open up, let him in, it's a torturer... (the sickest part is that i think i'm liking it...) doctor, doc, why don't he leave me be? he got a knife in my back - stop turning please! cause i can't take no more this time; never again, go on get out of my life... i got caught out in the rain (the rain); never fall in love again, with you, with you, with you... i got caught out in the rain (the rain); never gonna love again, with you, with you, with you... with you, with you, with you... (the rain, the rain...) you tell me you love me, you la-la-la-love me; boy, you don't even love you - how'd i expect you to love me? was good til we lost it, i'm getting off topic... the story hasn't ended, but just before we drop it: i called on the weekend, you said you were sleepin'; i wanted to come over, wake you up, or just creep in... was sunny and shinin', my bike i was ridin', raced over to your house faster than a bolt of lightnin'... parked on the sidewalk, but just when i looked up, i saw another shadow was inside of your window; scared to look further - as soon as i saw her, the sky turned black heard a roar of thunder... stood on your driveway, the hair pressed to my face, tried to recover, my knees were like rubber... soaked thru my t-shirt, i thought it was tears, but, the clouds closed in, and they pulled me under... i got caught out in the rain (the rain); never fall in love again, with you, with you, with you... i got caught out in the rain (the rain); never gonna love again, with you, with you, with you...
yakinda populer olacak creed sarkisi.. can you help me out? can you let me a hand? it's safe to say that i'm stuck again trapped between this life and the light i just can't figure out how to make it right a thousand times before i've wondered if there's something more something more... i feel it's gonna rain like this for days so let it rain down and wash everything away i hope that tomorrow the sun will shine with every tomorrow comes another life i feel it's gonna rain for days and days i feel it's gonna rain i tried to figure out i can understand what it means to live on again trapped between the truth and the consequence nothings real nothings making sense a thousand times before i've wondered if there's something more something more... i feel it's gonna rain like this for days so let it rain down and wash everything away i hope that tomorrow the sun will shine i feel it's gonna rain like this rain like this rain like this fall down wash away my yesterdays fall down so let the rain fall down on me i feel it's gonna rain like this for days let it rain down and wash everything away i hope that tomorrow the sun will shine i feel it's gonna rain like this rain like this rain like this i feel it's gonna rain like this rain like this i feel it's gonna rain like this i feel it's gonna rain...
mika'nin the boy who knew too much isimli yeni albumunden cikan ilk sarkisi. guzel sarki ama sanirim benim kendisinden beklentilerim birazcik daha yuksekti. gerci bugun hava gunesli, bir de yagmurluyken dinleyip oyle karar vermek lazim der ve sozlerini kopi-peyst ederim: is it really necessary every single day making me more ordinary in every possible way this ordinary mind is broken you did it and you don’t even know leaving me with words unspoken you better get back cuz i’m ready for more than this whatever it is baby, i hate days like this caught in a trap i can’t look back baby i hate days like this when it rain rain rain rains it rain rain rain rains when it rain rain rain rains it rain rain rain rains more than this baby i hate days like trying to be ordinary was it me who was the fool? thought you found the man you wanted until you turn him into something new well even if our minds are broken there’s something that i need you to know it’s nothing like the life we wanted you better move on cuz i’m ready for more than this whatever it is baby, i hate days like this caught in a trap i can’t look back baby i hate days like this when it rain rain rain rains it rain rain rain rains more than this baby i hate days like (spoken) i’m not angry don’t know what to do after all the years that i spent with you i can’t blame you for the things you say i was using you just to hide away more than this whatever it is baby, i hate days like this caught in a trap i can’t look back baby i hate days like this when it rain rain rain rains it rain rain rain rains when it rain rain rain rains it rain rain rain rains when it rain rain rain rains it rain rain rain rains when it rain rain rain rains it rain rain rain rains more than this baby i hate days like
bir metalci olarak söylemeye utanıyorum yahu, ama itiraf edicem burdan, sevdim ben bu şarkıyı. güzide bir üniversitemizin güzide bir bölümünün güzide bir sınavından çıkınca duydum bunu ilk, yine ilintili güzide bir radyoda diyim ben size. anladın sen onu. bu sınavlar da hep tren gibi, hep aynı hatlar, hep aynı raylar, hep aynı fukara sümüğü gibi yapışmışlık hissi, vagon vagon geliyorlar. more than this baby, sabahlamanın o sarhoşluğu, algıda yaşanan dayanılmaz daralma, o dar alanlarda beyinsel paslaşmadan çıkan ucubik düşünceler, içinden çıkmamak için her şeyi boşverebileceğiniz o boşluk hissi, sabahın köründe minimum uykuyla yaşanan hayvani bilişsel patlama. bu şarkı böyle bir ruh hali için yazılmış gibi geldi bana anlık olarak. i hate days like this... i can't look back, doğru, bakmak istemezsin, bir kaç saat uykuyla maddenin sümük halinden tatak formunu aldığında bakılır şöyle bir an geriye, ama siktir edilir sonra. when it rain rain rains, it rains, şemsiyeyi açmaya gerek yok orda iyi duruyo. more than this, whatever it is baby, i hate days like this!!!
anjulie ablamız bu şarkıyı söylerken "with you"yu yarısında "visss yuu", yarısında da "vit yuu" olarak telafuz ediyor. ingilizceyi hacı ömer geyrikli anadolu lisesinde mi öğrendin? ne iş?
george harrison bu şarkının klibi için(ki takvimler 1966'yı göstermektedir. 1966 diyorum, klip diyorum bilmem anlatabildim mi?) "i suppose in a way we invented mtv" demiştir.
olağanüstü bi şarkı!!! mikemmel ! tebrik koyuyorum!
vinnie moore'un yapmış olduğu en mükemmel şey, manyak enstrümantal. canlı da dinledim, gam yemem. (bkz: 11 şubat 2010 vinnie moore istanbul konseri)
1985 çıkışlı love albümünün beşinci sırasında yer alan muhteşem bir the cult parçası. amma velakin bu kadar harika bir parçanın çok rezil bir klibi var.
sid şarkısı. rokugatsu no uso me no mae no hontou sepia ni shimaikomi yorisou to ka nukumori to ka wakaranaku natteta “kimi wa hitori de heiki dakara… ne” to oshitsukete sayonara sono tagui no kiyasume nara kikiakita hazu na no ni nariyamanai youshanai omoidetachi wa yurushitekuresou ni mo nai me wo tojireba ikioi wa masu bakari de toomaki de kimi ga warau ame wa itsuka yamu no deshou zuibun nagai aida tsumetai ame wa doushite boku wo erabu no nigeba no nai boku wo erabu no yatto mitsuketa atarashii asa wa tsukihi ga jama wo suru mukau saki wa ”tsugi” ja nakute ”sugi” bakari oikaketa nagusame kara kikkake wo kureta kimi to urameshiku kowagari na boku sorosoro ka na tesaguri tsukareta hou wo kattou ga koboreochiru kako wo shiritagaranai hitomi arainagashite kureru yubi yasashii hohaba de iyasu kizuato todokisou de todokanai kyori ame wa itsuka yamu no deshou zuibun nagai aida tsumetai ame wa doushite boku wo erabu no tsutsumarete ii ka na ame wa yamu koto wo shirazu ni kyou mo furitsuzuku keredo sotto sashidashita kasa no naka de nukumori ni yorisoi nagara
sanki bir dağ tepesinde oturmuşsunuz da burnunuza, esen rüzgarla beraber, yağmış olan yağmurun kokusu geliyormuş hissi veren marc jacobs imzalı muhteşem bir parfüm.
mika'nın her versiyonu ayrı bir güzel olan parçası, akustik versiyonuna azıcık da keman eklenseymiş her zaman top 10'imde olacaktı ama olsun.
şarkıyı söylerken mika gibi rain diyebilmek için çok kastığım, fakat hiçbir telafuzun ucundan bile mika'a yaklaşamadığı bir move on şarkısı.
mika'nın efsanelerinden. ama operayla birleştirdiği şu performansı kesinlikle dinlenmeli. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfxwhipoi9a
enbe orkestrası'nın "kalbim" isimli albümünde mustafa ceceli'nin aranjesi ile yer alan klasik jose feliciano parçası. türk müzisyenlerle çalıştığından mıdır bilemiyorum ama jose feliciano'nun bu yorumu kulağa biraz daha sıcak geliyor gibi. ama yine de ilk orjinal versiyonunun yeri bambaşka.
mikanın bu şarkısına bayılmasam da şu klibe bayıldım demekten kendimi alamayacağım. harika bir fan video olmuş. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppy-hvqaw6q
(bkz: you look like rain)
koreli bir popçu. time 100 anketinde 1. sıradaymış. olayı nedir çözemedim http://www.time.com/…058044_2060338_2060247,00.html
candlebox'ın blues esintileri ile grunge müziği buluşturan mükemmel şarkısı. sözleri de şöyledir: well i woke up one morning seen my baby fly away sugar don't go she said i don't be treatin' her right by the things i say sugar don't go i feel i'll be left alone and i'll cry all alone oh in the rain early one morning i packed her bags she said she gotta leave me now i've done her wrong i said baby i'm gonna change gonna change for the better sugar don't go you can't be leaving me all alone 'cause i'll cry all alone in the rain in the rain oh in the rain in the rain sugar go sugar go you leave me alone and i packed your bags you've got your plane on the raid i said oh why'd you leave oh why'd you leave you gotta leave me alone i'm feeling sad i'm feeling sad you gotta back off baby you treat me baby you treat me my life and i could take my mind i lose it what i have is what i have is what i give to you and i feel i'm gone i've been crying what you gonna do who you gonna see where you gonna pack your bags and where you gonna stay say where you gonna go who you gonna ho' where you gonna lay your hat today i said what you gotta change what you gonna do where you gonna lay your mines down what you gonna do what you gonna take where you gonna go baby who you gonna stay with me again i said move it on oh won't you move it on you gotta move it on hey, move it on on down the line well down the line on that line i said pack your bags now baby you gotta move it down the line i said i wanna tell you say, what you gonna do who you gonna see where you gonna ho' your ass out all over town baby, where you gonna go who you gonna see what you gonna do with your time i said what you gonna do who you gonna take where you gonna lay your hat down where you gonna call your home where you gonna go who you gonna see what you gonna do with your time i said move it on oh won't you move it on you gotta move it on hey, move it on on down the line on down the line on that line said move it on down the line said move it down... what you gonna do where you gonna stay who you gonna ho' your ass out baby, where you gonna lay your hat today said, what you gonna do who you gonna see where you gonna go and spend your time to be baby, what you gonna do who you gonna see where you gonna go when i set you free i said move it on oh won't you move it on you gotta move it on hey move it on on down the line said down the line on that line said move it on down the line you gotta move it on down the line oh baby, i said baby i said baby i said baby i said baby you gotta move it on down the line and take your time baby gotta pack your bags and go today momma what you gonna do who you gonna see where you gonna lay your hat and call your home i said baby i said baby i said baby i said what you gonna do you with your time now woman you got asked to leave pack your bags you gotta go got asked to leave pack your bags, you gotta go where you gonna go who you gonna see when you lay your hat down tighter i said move it on i said move it on i said move it on i said move it on down the line oh woman, you gotta take it you gotta take it take, yeah... take your time take your time to make up your mind now baby
manos hacidakis bestesi aynı zamanda: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ljqcdazcio
guano apes olanı farklı bir şarkıdır. living in a lie ve quietly ile kombo şekilde alınırsa daha efektif olduğu söyleniyor.
bir v. c. andrews kitabıdır. kitaptaki fedakar anne karakteri dikkat ceker. kitaptaki zenci-beyaz sorunu disinda karakterlerle kapimizi acinca veya sokakta karsilasacakmis gibi hissedersiniz. ic dunyalarinda bize benziyorlar. arka kapak yazısı ise şöyle: "gettoda büyüyen rain arnold, iyi bir evlat olmak için elinden gelen bütün çabayı gösteren bir insan, aynı zamanda çalışkan bir öğrencidir. cüretkâr kız kardeşinin aksine, hayatta kalabilmek için caddelerde kol gezen tehlikelerden uzak durur... ve çok haklıdır. fakat rain, kendini yaşadığı dünyaya ait hissetmemektedir, kendi dünyasında bir yabancı gibidir. ve bir gece duymaması gereken konuşmalara kulak misafiri olur. geçmişinde saklı sırlar, yaşamını hayal edemeyeceği bir şekilde değiştirecektir. göz açıp kapayıncaya kadar çok sevdiği ailesini bırakıp, hiç tanımadığı insanlarla, zengin hudson ailesi ile yaşamaya gider. fakat kendini bu zengin ve ayrıcalıklı dünyaya da yabancı hisseder. belirsizlikler içerisinde kıvranırken, kurtuluşu özel bir tiyatro okulunun duvarları arasında bulur. ama bütün bunlar yüreğinin derinliklerindeki boşluğu doldurmasına ve yuvam diyebileceği bir yere sahip olmasına yetecek midir?.. "
mortal kombat oyununa eklenen yeni karakterin adı. http://www.trgamer.com/…-rainin-videosu/1/19221.trg
son yayınlanan dlc ile birlikte mortal kombat 9 evrenine dahil edilen bir ninja. mistik güçleri olmasının yanı sıra su elementini çok iyi kullanan bir dövüşçüdür.
mor maskeli mortal kombat ninjası. bu adamın hareketlerini kombine olarak, düzgün ve seri bir şekilde kullanınca bütün oyunu flawless victory ile geçebilme durumu vardır. şöyle ki; önce ekranın ortasına gelerek o donmuş küre biçimindeki nesne atılıp rakip hizaya getirilir ve sürekli super roundhouse* hareketi kullanılır. artık sağa sola savrulmaktan folloş olmuş rakibe son darbe olarak bir aparkat vurulur ya da lightning yapılır. üstüne bir de brutality yapınca tadından yenmez. bosslara kadar oyun bu şekilde oynanır. bossları flawless la geçmek de ayrı bir meseledir zaten.* not: bahsedilen oyunlar tabii eski oyunlar. u-mk3 ve trilogy.
öte yandan bir priscilla ahn şarkı adı kendisi c/p well it's raining and it's pouring and my old man, well he is snoring rainy day stay well my brother, he builds a puzzle on the blue rug with lazy bubbles rainy day please stay rain rain don't go away, the sun can come back another day rainy day please stay well my mother, she doesn't bother with the dishes in the kitchen rainy day please stay well now i am three thousand miles from a rainy day with my dearest lovers fathers dreaming of the fall mother covers with the shall brothers in the yellow hall, painting pictures on the wall i am listening on the floor, to sounds i used to know rain is falling to the ground praying all the hopes are found rain rain don't go away, the sun can come back another day, rain please stay rain rain rain rain....
armin van buuren'in imagine albümündeki en güzel parçalardan biri.
asot ep. 522'de maor levi remixi ile karşımıza tekrar çıkan avb prodüksiyonu. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfjpewf4ixy
trivium'un blackened'i.
psikopata bağlatan jose feliciano parçası. bir bakmışsınız arka arkaya 20 sefer dinlemişsiniz, ama baymaz; bir o kadar daha dinlettirir kendisini.
fullmetal alchemist brotherhood soundtracklerinden, sid'e ait olan pek tatlı bir şarkı.
nefis bir k-os şarkısı... you say you love me, but then you turn and walk away all for a love not even born yesterday i see you on the streets and you just pass me by you think i got no feelings, think i’m living high but let me tell ya… i could be on the tv, i could be in their magazines but it’s never enough when you felt the touch of an angel that’s rocking your soul when the rain comes down you’re never around but when the sun comes up you always steal the fire and rain comes down on this side of town but people have no feelings they just run around we keep chasing dollars, it’s making me holler i just don’t know i don’t need a cheque i need some respect so people you know and the war, and the babies crying and the car and the house and the rings and the things that don’t mean nothing? you can try to hate, classify and make you’re rate down but i’m here to elevate, i’ll be floating in outer space now
izmir'de asla asla asla gitmemeniz gereken mekan. en azından bir organizasyona gitmeyin, ufak bi haftasonu kaçamağı için güzel olabilir ancak organizasyon yetenekleri sıfırın üstünde değil. yılbaşı gecesi başımızdan geçenler cidden bir felaketti mesela. öncelikle arkadaşlarımızdan geçen seneki yılbaşının referansını alarak gittik mekana (rezervasyon yaptırmak için) arkadaşlarımız demişti ki alkol 12de bitiyor, hiçbi garson ilgilenmiyor. bu çekincelerimizi dile getirerek organizatör kırodan (adını vermeyeyim) teminat aldık. yerimizi bahçedeki deniz kenarı localardan ayırttık bu arada ve yağmur yağarsa nolucak dedik, yok efendim brandalar gerilecek, 1.5 metrelik ufolar dizilecek falan filan. bu teminata inanarak rezervasyonumuzu yaptırdık, yılbaşında da 10:30 sularında geldik mekana. loca loca loca açılın loca diye bizi bi yere götürdüler aman allahım, mülteci kampı terk yemin ederim. neyse dedik içerde hazırlanan localardan birine oturduk. siradan bi locada 3 sise hakkiniz var biz ilk olarak bi sise alarak gecenin ilerlemesini bekleyelim dedik, demez olaydik. saat 11:30dan sonra sürekli (deluxe şişe içkilerin yanında yerli içkiler sınırsız ve ücretsiz hesaplandırmaya göre bu arada) vodka-enerji gibi gecenin temel alkolü olmaya aday şeyden istedik ama saatlerce hiçbir şey gelmedi masaya. madem sınırsız içkiyi kullanamıyoruz tekila şişe gelsin de eğlenelim falan düşünürken bi 1 saat de tekilayi bekledik. gecenin sonuna kadar masaya bir damla alkol gelmedi, alkolu geç meyve tabağımız dahi yenilenmedi sadece bi tabak yedik. bunun ardından tekilayi kendi ellerimle almaya bara gittim ama bar kapanmış alkol yok. bize verilen taahhütte sınırsız içki vardı, sınırsız içkiyi geçtim locada olmamızdan ileri gelen şişe hakkımızı bile kullanamadık. barda yanıma bi garson geldi ki sormayın. sıfatını siktiğim tam bir andaval, tam bir keko, tam bir ırgat. gelmiş diyo ki bana sen gel bilader sen daha ne içicen yeter. ulan sana ne istersem ölene kadar içerim ki daha sadece 2 vodka-enerji içmişim, onun da üstünden 2 saat geçmiş zaten. kendimi tuttum organizatörü bulun bana dedim girişe yönlendirdiler, gittim adamı bulucam. adam kayıplarda, güvenlikte çok kibar çok yardımsever bi adam yardımcı oldu bana organizatöre ulaşmam için, organizatörün arkadaşına yönlendirdi beni o beni adama götürücek. arkadaşı bi odaya götürdü içeri bi baktım benimle anlaşırken nazik temiz görünen organizatör elinde oklava adamın birinin kafasını kaşıyo, yanında 3-4 yarma. kapı kapandı biraz bekleyelim falan filan dendi, o ara beni başka bi yetkiliye yönlendirdi. gittim adamın yanına adamın bana dediği tam olarak şu " lan yarrrahhh zaten içmişsin zum olmuşsun yeter daha ne şişe isdiyon". bu ilkokul 3 terk tahminlerime göre ağrılı olan arkadaşın bu orrrrospu çocuğu eksenindeki konuşmaları iyice sinirimi bozdu, buna bikaç atar yaptım ama baktım bütün komiler garsonlar etrafta, ben tek başımayım misafirlerim ve arkadaşlarım içeride. dedim yine dayak yemeyelim şimdi şu organizatörü bulayım o çözer. yok adam kayıp, telefonu da kapalı. neyse dedik sikerim böyle eğlenceyi kalkın çıkıyoruz dedik tam yolda benim andaval organizatörü buldum, 4 erkek bi konuşalım dedik hanımları otoparka ve taksilere gönderip. organizatör denyo tamam geliyorum birazdan, halledicem problemi deyip siktirip gittikten sonra 1 saat gelmedi tabii ki. organizatörün bi altındaki yönetici olan aklı başında beyefendiyle 30 dakika konuştuk, tamamen haklı olduğumuzu, hakkımızın gasp edildiğini, cahil keko garsonların tavırlarının yanlış olduğunu ve adamlar hakkında gereğinin yapılacağını falan anlattı. ama sonuç olarak elinden bi şeyin gelmediğini, gecenin kötü biteceğini söyledi. tamam lanet olsun deyip çıkarken de yalının kapısında bizim dallama organizatörü bulduk. konuşmak için yanına gittik yanında 55-60 yaşlarında iyi giyimli aklı başında görünen beyaz saçlı temiz bi adam ve o keko barzo tayfasından yarmalar vardı. organizatöre bizim iş noldu derken bu 55-60lık bey amca olaya dahil oldu, sandık ki sorun çözülecek, işletme sahibi adam bu galiba, aklı başında bi çözüm bulucak. adam demez mi ne var sizin ne derdiniz var ya, ayı gibi söylüyo bunu bi de. neyse derdimizi anlattık efendi gibi, bu yaşlı da gecenin kaçı olmuş saat siz hala ne diyonuz yaaa dedi. sinirlenip ortalarına geçip açıklama yapacakken arkadaşlarım hadi gidelim falan dediler neden olduğunu anlamamıştım ama etrafa bi bakınca 20-25 tane fedai kılıklı cahil baltanın olaya hemen duhul olduğunu gördüm. koluma da 1.70 boyunda 100 kilo dangalağın biri girmiş beni götürüyo, diyorum bana zum muamelesi yapma bırak konuşuyoruz, diyo ki tamam kardeşim zum değilsin, diyorum sarhoş değilim bırak 2 vodka içtim, diyo afiyet olsuuun uha uha uha. dirseği burnuna vurup 25 kişinin 4 kişinin üzerine koşmasını izlemek epey zevkli olacaktı ama hemen çıkardılar mekandan "gemiyle gelenler" tayfası. yani demem o'dur ki hiçbi şekilde hak-hukuk metalarının geçmediği bir mekan burası. izmir gece hayatının en sağlam ve titiz yerlerinden birinin burası olması da izmir gece hayatının içler acısı halini gösteriyor bence. irkcılık yapmıyorum fakat ağrı'dan mardin'den gelen, 10 sene önce hangi eşek nerede sikilir konuları üzerinde doktora yapmış kimselerin bir anda, "bir şekilde" böyle yerlerin işletmecileri olmaları beyinlerini bulandırıyor. izmir gece hayatının da en büyük problemi bu temeli olmadan binayı çıkmaya çalışan adamlar.
bir nick drake şarkısıdır. thoughts of rain at sunset clouds of rainbow blue thoughts of sun on sand-dunes where the seabirds flew this was our season, and we said it couldn't end but my love left with the rain. thoughts of leaves in autumn falling from the trees thoughts of hoaring tree tops leading to the sea this was our season, no lies and no pretend but my love left with the rain. thoughts of springtime rainfall touching flowers that bend thoughts of wind in willows days that never end this was our season, but sorrow waited round the bend for my love left with the rain. rain's the way you move now sun the way you seem leaves the way you wonder flowers the way you dream this was our season, and we said it couldn't end but my love left with the rain
aynı zamanda csi ny birinci sezon yedinci bölümünün adı.
patty griffin şarkısı olanının sözleri şöyledir. it's hard to listen to a hard hard heart beating close to mine pounding up against the stone and steel walls that i won't climb sometimes a hurt is so deep deep deep you think that you're gonna drown sometimes all i can do is weep weep weep with all this rain falling down strange how hard it rains now rows and rows of big dark clouds when i'm holding on underneath this shroud rain its hard to know when to give up the fight two things you want will just never be right its never rained like it has to night before now i don't wanna beg you baby for something maybe you could never give i'm not looking for the rest of your life i just want another chance to live strange how hard it rains now rows and rows of big dark clouds when i'm holding on underneath this shroud rain
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3dgajwvevu (bkz: the cult)
izmir'in en beş para etmez mekanlarından biridir. garsonlarından barmenine ve sahibine kadar tamamen rezilliklerle dolu bir mekan. buraya gidip eğleneceğinize paranızı sokağa gönül rahatlığıyla atabilirsiniz.
madonna'nın en iyi balladlarından biridir özellikle iki cümlenin aynı anda söylendiği yerler tam anlamıyla beni benden almıştır.
akıllara zarar california sunshine parçası. (bkz: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afywca31vbs)
ben diyeyim orospu çocuğu sen de piçin önde gideni bir trivium parçası. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcqpo_wcyau
yırtıcı gitar tonuyla arkadaki yağmur şıpırtılarıyla çok güzel bir jason becker kompozisyonu...
amerika'da üretilen bir votka markası.
