cloven hoof'un dominator albümünden bir parça.
firehouse'un 1991 yılı yapımı bir şarkısı. süper ötesi gazdır.
social distortion in sex love and rocknroll albümünün giriş şarkısı. çok fena gaz olmakla beraber aşağidaki gibi harika sözlere de sahiptir. aşağısı: when i was young i was invincible i found myself not thinking twice i never thought about no future it's just a roll of the dice but the day men come when you've got something to lose and just when you think you're done paying dues you say to yourself "dear god what have i done?" and hope its not to late cause tomorrow may never come reach for the sky cause tomorrow may never come reach for the sky cause tomorrow may never come yesterday is history and tomorrow is a mystery but i'm leaving right now it's just about how its you and me you can run you can hide just like bonnie and clyde reach for the sky i ain't never gonna die and i thank the lord for the love that i have found and hold you tight cause tomorrow may never come reach for the sky cause tomorrow may never come reach for the sky cause tomorrow may never come so if you please take this moment try if you can to make it last don't think about no future and just forget about the past and make it last reach for the sky cause tomorrow may never come reach for the sky i ain't never going down reach for the sky cause tomorrow may never come reach for the sky i ain't never coming down reach for the sky cause tomorrow may never come reach for the sky i ain't never going down
ratt'ın 1989 yılında çıkardığı albüm. 1. city to city 2. i want a woman 3. no surprise 4. way cool junior 5. don't bite the hand that feeds 6. i want to love you tonight 7. chain reaction 8. no surprise 9. bottom line 10. what's it gonna be 11. what i'm after
firehouse versiyonunun sözleri şu şekildedir: well i'm an outlaw i make my living on the run my life is lonely but i was born to need no one always on my own oh... my gun is loaded i'm a six-shot heart attack i pull the trigger so you better watch your back looking out for #1 so you had better take this piece of advice make your move stick 'em up or kiss your ass goodbye chorus: reach for the sky or i will shoot you down in the blink of an eye reach for the sky there's nowhere to run, nowhere to hide reach for the sky i got the drop on you so raise them high reach for the sky [ find more lyrics at www.mp3lyrics.org/uds ] well it's a show down this is what i do for fun i got a reputation yeah i'm the fastest gun i'm livin' on the highway movin' on from town to town you better do it my way or i will shoot you down looking out for #1 so you had better take this piece of advice make your move stick 'em up or kiss your ass goodbye chorus take you best shot oh go for your guns baby reach for the sky or i will shoot you down in the blink of an eye reach for the sky there's nowhere to run, nowhere to hide reach for the sky or i will shoot you down in the blink of an eye reach for the sky there's nowhere to run, nowhere to hide reach for the sky i got the drop on you so raise them high reach for the sky oh reach for the sky
firehouse'un hold your fire albümünün açılış parçası. klibi adına yakışır, serbest atlama, bungee jumping, kayak, dağcılık hatta sörf sahneleriyle doludur. anti depresandır efendim, dinleyiniz kendinize geliniz.
gary moore'un blues tarzına kaymadan önce yayınladığı albümlerden run for cover'da yer alan şarkı. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun: sometimes it seems that you've had more than enough as your life is going nowhere and you feel like giving up sometimes you know that you can't take anymore when things are getting harder than they've ever been before don't lose your heart when things go wrong you know what to do now just turn your back and carry on, come on reach for the sky come out with your hands up reach for the sky come out with your hands up sometimes it seems like you've really lost your way when you're mind is full of doubt you've got nothing left to say you're going around in circles like a man who's running blind but the world must keep on turning and it's leaving you behind don't lose your heart when things go wrong you know what to do now you've got the strenght to carry on, come on reach for the sky come out with your hands up reach for the sky come out with your hands up reach for the sky reach for the sky reach for the sky don't lose your heart when things go wrong you know what to do now just turn your back and carry on, come on reach for the sky come out with your hands up reach for the sky come out with your hands up reach for the sky come out with your hands up reach for the sky come out with your hands up, hands up, hands up reach for the sky reach for the sky reach for the sky reach for the sky
artık bana "yaşlı" olduğumu hatırlatan şarkıdır. yarın olmayabilir evet, ama keşke de olmasaymış. o zamanlar bile olmasaymış.
şahane bir eximinds remixi olan matvey emerson parçası. http://www.youtube.com/…=9utoiw7sza4&feature=relmfu
