(bkz: redlight district)
roxanne'in takmak zorunda olmadigi isik turu**
stormblade albümündeki gaz demoniac şarkısı.
long time coming albumunden jonny lang sarkisi you sing a song while sitting at a red light you think of home while sitting at a red light too slow to roll put your life on hold an open path with nowhere to go you start to wonder while sitting at a red light you can run a red light give up at a red light you break the mold when running through the tolls speeding through your whole life a chance to breathe while sitting at a red light you look around reflecting on your life a chance to think am i drinking too much should i keep going lose the life that i love a second glance when coming to a red light you can run a red light give up at a red light you break the mold when running through the tolls speeding through your whole life you can run a red light give up on your whole life you break the mold when you're running through the tolls speeding through your whole life when things look low you've gotta keep strong feet to the grass you've gotta walk it off the bow's been tied too tight to laugh feet to the ground you've gotta walk it off you can run a red light you can run a red light start to think am i drinking too much should i keep going lose the life that i love you can run a red light give up at a red light you break the mold when running through the tolls speeding through your whole life you can run a red light give up on your whole life you break the mold when running through the tolls speeding through your whole life you can run a red light you can run a red light you sing a song while sitting at a red light
(bkz: red light paradise)
new york tan cikmis en güzel seylerden biri olan the strokes un first impressions of earth albumunun 14.sarkisi
sozlerin etkisi midir, yoksa sabah i$e gelmeden motosiklete benzin alirken yapacagi i$i kendi yuzune gozune, benimse dizime bula$tiran pompacinin kotumdaki kokulu hatirasi mi bilemedim, dinledikce bende yollara du$me arzusu uyandiran jonny lang $arkisidir.
zaman zaman hepimize olur iste , ozellikle is cikisi bahar kokusunu gogsumuze doldurup eve kosar adim gittigimiz gunlerde apartmanimiza yeni tasinmis herseyiyle cok tatli komsumuzla asansorde sik sik karsilasmak, goz temaslari, gulumsemeler icimizde farkli hisler uyandirabilir. hatta kendimizi bisey desem mi ne diycem ya diye sacmalarken inmemiz gereken katta bulabiliriz. hatta eve gelip kendimizi tavani izlerken ikide bir "ya mutlaka konuscam, ama cok tatli bisey" diye kendi kendimize sayiklayabiliriz de sevgili sozlukcu. ama tum bu tantanaya gerek yok yapilacak sey cok basit aslinda, the strokes isimli cankuslarin 2006 tarihli calismasi first impressions of earth'un 14. sarkisini 100 kere filan dinleyip benzer durumlar yasiyan julian casablancas'ta kendimizi bulabiliriz, bu sarki da hayatinin bir bolumunde 4. katta oturan tum bayanlar icin gelsin* two can be complete without the rest of the world. two can be complete without the rest of the world. do it for the people that have died for your sake. an entire generation that has nothing to say. how'd you make your way to me? let's say you made a deal with me and i got your name and your home address. you're all trashed up with your big red belt. and you almost say that you might need help. i could drop you off at the next red light. if it don't make sense or it don’t feel right. all the girls could never make me love them the way i love you can't you see the sky is not the limit no more? i can see the elevator crash through the floor. i can still see yesterday sailing away. seven billion people who have nothing to say. are you coming on to me? i saw your face then i heard that song. it was so inviting it hurt my bones. well it looks like you but your eyes are gray and your hair is gone but your mind's ok. i like your smile but your forehead's cold. i don't want you to be afraid and go. i would cheat and lie and steal now i'll stay at home and kneel for you i was waiting, for my baby, to arrive, right by my side. oh please leave me alone tonight... forget the past. two can be complete without the rest of the world. oh you know i said it just to get you to laugh. do it for the people that have die for your sake. an entire generation of entertainers to blame. the light is red. the camera's on. get yourself a lawyer and a gun. hate your friend's new friends like everyone. childhood's end can be so competitive oh the sky's not the limit and you're never gonna guess what is...
yeni bir massive attack parcasi. 2009 sonunda cikacak albumde yer alamsi cok muhtemel. sozleri stephanie dosen , robert del naja ve dogrulugundan emin olmasam da neil davidge e ait. stephanie: when did all those humans the promises come down come let's whisper that eulogy of poppy field too young citing sirens belly up did it dance to sing looser now these cities aren't carefully that's right fear is pages frown the looks on the shelf turn in chorus town down down and further apart further apart oh where are all those pyramids of promised lands come dance come lets whisper that eulogy poppy fields tonight we shinier you told me
güzel nakarata sahip bir ian carey parçası. hi tack - say say say tadı var biraz. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmugmexa-eg
seattle'da u district ve capitol hill mahallelerinde birer tane olmak uzere 2 dukkani bulunan vintage/kostum saticisi. http://www.redlightvintage.com/ not: bunu daha once sozluge yazdigima yuzde 99.9 eminim ama bulamadim.
"and i got your name and your home address" bir iki ay önce dinlerken bir isim ve bir ilçe adı ile başka ne öğrenebilirim ki diye düşündürüyordu beni.
amsterdam'da hayat kadınlarının çalıştığı meşhur bir yer.
bu mekana outlet diyenler de var. uygundur.
coffee shoplarda satılan soft druglar dışında kalan daha oturaklı uyuşturucuları satan çeşitli milletlerden adamların yanınıza satış amaçlı yaklaşmasının sonlandığı anın türk olduğunuzu açıkladığınız an olduğu mahalledir. biraz da sinirli tarzda söylediyseniz "turkish" kelimesini "okay man" diye söylenerek çekilirler etrafınızdan. bu bölgedeki çoğu coffee shop türk sahip ya da ortak içerir ve tüm amsterdam için yazılı olmayan kurallardan birisi bu bölgede de görülür. türk çocuklarına satış yapılmaz ve de 18 yaş altında olup da bu hatayı yapan bir türk çocuğu varsa sağlam bir dayak yiyerek atılır. racon da "kendi çocuğumuza satmayız"dır
