eski bozuk kirilmis commodore 64 oyunlarini yeniden kirip trainer yapan bir grup.
ingilizce, hatirla..
ingilizcede, "unutma"..
ingilizce'de "bunlar yarina bitecek"..
tekno jargonunda eşşek ölüsü manasına gelip benim muaffak olmak icin yanımda not defteri taşımam gereken zihinsel eylem
hoş bir bt şarkısı. sözler: remember i know how you feel. i'm feeling it to. i hold my heart, i dream of you. i see your face, i feel it, too. searching skies. i need you. i miss you. take this and hold my love for you. in separate times we think as two. in paradise i'll drown in you. still searching skies. i need you. i want you. i know how you feel. i'm feeling it to. i hold my heart, i dream of you. i see your face, i feel it, too. searching skies. i need you. i miss you. take this and hold my love for you. in separate times we think as two. in paradise i'll drown in you. still searching skies. i need you. i want you. i love you, love you, i love only you...love you. remember me near. there may be times when it's not right for me to be there. but remember me near. remember me near. there may be times when it's not right for me to be there. but remember me near. searching for strength. can i face this day. blinded by your love we stay. you're always there, you're in my head still chasing skies. i need you. oh, i miss you. just love you, only you, only you... i love you, i love you, i love only you...love you. remember me near. there may be times when it's not right for me to be there. but remember me near. remember me near. there may be times when it's not right for me to be there. but remember me near.
(tabii ki) çok güzel sözleri olan john lennon şarkısı. (bkz: plastic ono band) remember when you were young? how the hero was never hung always got away remember how the man used to leave you empty handed? always, always let you down if you ever change your mind about leaving it all behind remember, remember, today and don't feel sorry the way it's gone and don't you worry 'bout what you've done just remember when you were small how people seemed so tall always had their way do you remember your ma and pa just wishing for movie stardom always, always playing a part if you ever feel so sad and the whole world is driving you mad remember, remember, today and don't feel sorry 'bout the way it's gone and don't you worry 'bout what you've done no, no, remember, remember the fifth of november
ayni zamanda air in moon safari adli albumunden guzel bi parcadir, sozleri de su kadardir: remember together remember forever, souviens toi ce jour-là toi et moi.
su aralar klibi fazlaca ortalarda dönen bir disturbed parcası (ya da ben sıklıkla denk geliyorum). ha peki güzel degil mi? hoşuna gitmedi mi? gitti vallahi, gayet güzel gidiyo arada öyle, bi haftaya tükenir sanıyorum.
summerlove single'inin sozleri; in a while maybe you remember, when we met on the beach when you showed met the way refrein: nanananahe nanana from that day, we'd always be together in our hearts in our minds nothing could throw it away refrein quiero ver, un poco de tu boca quiero estar, en tu piel con tu perfumo de miel refrein quiero ver, el brillo de tus ojos quiero estar, bien la luz con la que me miras tu. refrein show me the things that we felt in the time we where dreaming show me now feel it now refrein quiero oir, los versos de tus labios y sentir, junto a ti como tu propio carmin refrein in the past, we used to be toghether every day, of our lifes now its fading away refrein
sabah sabah dinlediğimde bütün gün okulda nanananahe nanana diye mırıldanmama neden olan mükemmel single
ararken şekilden şekile girdiğim, google'ın warp drive'ını zorladığım, en nihayetinde bir pc forumunda türkiye'de tatilde duyduğunu söyleyen bir adamdan adını öğrendiğim, bağımlılık yapan ve bir o kadar nefret uyandıran summerlove şarkısı.
insani oldugu yerde kipirdatan, muzige ayak uydurtan jimi hendrix sarkisi. oh, remember the mocking bird, my baby bun he used to sing for his supper, baby yes he used to sing for his supper, babe he used to sing so sweet since my baby left me he ain't sang for two long days oh, remember the blue-birds and the honey bees, they used to sing for sunshine they used to sing for the flowers they used to sing so sweet but since my baby left me they ain't sang in two long days hey pretty baby, come on back to me make ev'ry body as happy as can be so, baby, if you'll please come home again you know i'll kiss you for my supper, you know i'll kiss you for my dinner, yeah! but, ah, if you don't come back you know i'll have to starve to death 'cus i ain't had one kiss all day now please remember you've got to remember you've got to remember our love come on back, baby, come on back in my arms, i'll make ev'rything that better come on, baby, hurry up now can you hear me calling you back again now? come on, baby, stop jiving around, hurry home, hurry home
faces albümünde yer alan chris caffery parçası... stand at my crossroads, a scary place in life not too sure which way is right i think of my future, as my past it comes to me but some of them left me in the fight please, the distant makes me sigh, when i'm further from you love, was destines 'til that night, the crazy battle of june dreams, they still embrace me remember, all these little things are coming back to me remember the time, when i got to know you december, all these little scenes are coming back to me remember my eyes, they want to show you love fear is never in my heart, it lives and dies with you time, i can not make it right, i'd turn it back for you screams of bleeding heartache remember, all these little things are coming back to me remember the time, when i got to know you december, all these little scenes are coming back to me remember my eyes, they want to show you love i never felt this feeling in my life it exceeded expectations distant stars of wonder, feeding to my hunger hidden in the thunder, lifting me towards heaven remember, all these little things are coming back to me remember the time, when i got to know you december, all these little scenes are coming back to me remember my eyes, they want to show you love
(bkz: remember sammy jankis)
reenkarnasyona inananlar için ilginç olacak bir kelimedir. zira parçalanarak söylenişi re-memberşeklindedir.
(bkz: underdog project)
icon and the black roses grubunun aynı adlı albümündeki altıncı şarkı: now you're awake are you please with your pain ? and i'm watching, smiling with hatred comes hatred and your lips now taste it my coldest kiss and i'd bet my life on this you are crying for help, you try to reach out for my hand but i wont be there, 'cause i dont care and i'm leaving you to drown in tears recalled your fears, now they become tears, remember i once needed you
troy filmi soundtrackindeki remember me için: hatırla, ben hala burada olacağım beni hatıranda tuttuğun sürece hatırla, rüyaların sona erdiğinde zaman aşılabilir sadece beni hatırla öylece parlak, yanmaya devam eden tek yıldızım bu son ışık, doğan güneşin içinde kaybolacak seninleyim ne zaman hikayemi anlatsan zira ben yaptığım her şeyim. hatırla, ben hala burada olacağım beni hatıranda tuttuğun sürece beni hatırla soğuk rüzgarda fısıldayan tek nefes benim ve eğer dinlersen, gökyüzünün ötesinde beni duyacaksın uzanıp sana dokunabildiğim sürece ölmeyeceğim hatırla, seni asla bırakmayacağım eğer sadece beni hatırlarsan beni hatırla... hatırla ben hala burada olacağım beni tuttuğun sürece hatıranda hatırla, rüyaların sona erdiğinde zaman aşılabilir sonsuza dek yaşarım beni hatırla beni hatırla beni...hatırla...
disturbed 'un believe albumunun bence en iyi sarkisi. sozleri: sensation washes over me i can't describe it pain i felt so long ago i don't remember tear a hole so i can see my devastation feelings from so long ago i don't remember holding on to let them know what's given to me, given to me to hide behind my mask this time and try to believe blind your eyes to what you see you can't embrace it leave it well enough alone and don't remember cut your pride and watch it bleed you can't deny it pain you know you can't ignore i don't remember holding on to let them know what's given to me, given to me to hide behind my mask this time and try to believe if i can remember to know this will conquer me if i can just walk alone and try to escape into me sensation washes over me i can't describe it pain i felt so long ago i don't remember i'm just holding on to let them know what's given to me, given to me to hide behind my mask this time and try to believe if i can remember to know this will conquer me if i can just walk alone and try to escape into me, into me, into me
remember başlı başına bi şarkıymış aslında başlıktan ööle anlaşılıo sanırım* ama richie kotzene ait olan da cidden güzel... i can read your mind don't you know its easy for me after all this time and i know when you lie if were talking on the phone or one on one the truth you never hide i don't need you to teel me theres something wrong because your eyes are unmistakable i cant seem to get my head around you being gone so before you goa?|so before you leave remember remember remember that your hearts not unbreakable remember remember remember that i still love you all the things i thought in never see have now come to be you said our love was strong i said that we belong but somehow i lost you suddenly i don't need you me that theres something wrong because your give you away
ailemizin anarşisti john lennon, plastic ono band'de bulunan bu muhteşem şarkıyı "no, no, remember, remember the fifth of november" diyerek bitirir; guy fawkes'a selam olsun.
black lab parcasi. sozleri soyle: it was wild in the street wild in the night blistering cold in the cold daylight i could feel your hands pushing hard on me and all the fights that i tried to fight fair all the nights that you spent with me i swear do you remember? 'cause i remember? do you remember? 'cause i remember what you said to me remember like it was just some dream but i lost my faith did you lose yours too? would you bleed for me? i would bleed for you and the blood gets thick at the end of the night you in my sheets like a sodium light i could feel your skin coming off your soul reeling me in like there's nothing you don't know and i won't speak i won't write i won't call you on the phone won't listen to my mind if i hear you call me home
bir james horner yapımı... troyun soundtrackinde josh groban ile tanja tzarovska seslendiriyor. veee sözler: remember: i will still be here as long as you hold me in your memory remember: when your dreams have ended time can be transcended just remember me i am the one star that keeps burning so brightly it is the last light to fade into the rising sun i'm with you whenever you tell my story for i am all i've done remember: i will still be here as long as you hold me in your memory remember me… in the cold wind that whispers and if you listen you'll hear me call across the sky as long as i still can reach out and touch you then i will never die remember: i'll never leave you if you will only remember me… remember: i will still be here as long as you hold me in your memory remember: when your dreams have ended time can be transcended i live forever remember me remember me remember… me… narsist bu sözler diyebilirsiniz, haklısınız.
(bkz: soil) (bkz: redefine) when father time has closed my eyes and i've said my final goodbyes out of sight when i'm out of your mind will you remember my time is all i had to give weighed down by the life that i live could you, should you, would you remember will i live again? when father time has closed my eyes and i've said my final goodbyes out of sight when i'm out of your mind will you remember will you remember me will you forget me will you remember me will you hear me my face painted with peace my life embraced when you speak do you remember the child, boy, man what's right is not what today brings the sun rises but does not set on our sweet memories now do you remember when this world knocked me down i stood my ground for another round all the good times and every bad and all the time between my ears always listening my soul inhaled when you breathe out of sight when i'm out of your mind i will not leave you i will remember you i won't forget you i will remember you i won't, will you? father time don't you close my eyes
free'nin fire and water albümünden bir şarkı, sözleri de şöyle: do you remember every morning we would dress and we'd be still yawning, in the street where people meet we would wander around in the northen heat. all these days are gone my baby, now i'm all alone i wish i had you near me baby, i wish i had you here in the summer days were lazy and sometimes the heat would drive us all crazy singing songs all night long till the light thru' the window said another day had come all these days are gone baby, now i'm all alone i wish i had you near me i wish i had you here. baby, do you remember every morning we would dress and we'd be still yawning, in the street where people meet we would wander around in the northen heat. baby, oh these days are gone and i'm all alone i still remember the good old days we spent together baby i can't forget you know me i can't forget the good old days we spent together
huzur veren bir harry nilsson parçası. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun bari : long ago, far away life was clear, close your eyes remember is a place from long ago remember filled with everything you know remember when you're sad and feelin' down remember turn around remember life is just a memory remember close your eyes and you can see remember think of all that life can be remember- dream, love is only in a dream, remember - remember life is never as it seems. dream long ago, far away life was clear, close your eyes.
emilie autumn'un enteresan çalışmalarından biri daha. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun: like a dream i had in subconscious deep here you come again only in my sleep and i remember you i remember you like a memory of a time gone by many things i've seen still i can't deny that i remember you yes i remember the things you do to me chorus when you say my name when you hold my hand when you whisper in my ear the things that only you could understand when you say my name when you hold my hand when you touch me softly in the way that only you can do i remember you i remember you every other touch runs as cold as ice if i get too close i may pay the price but i remember you yes i remember the things you do to me chorus i would recognize your shadow in a crowded room change your name a million times it wouldn't change my mind or what i hope to find in your heart underneath in a new rhythm i breathe 'cause i remember you i remember you i remember you i remember you yes i do chorus i remember you and i want you to say my name i remember you and i want you to say my name say my name say my name say my name...i remember
en sevdiğim richie kotzen parçalarından biri. müthiş adam, müthiş şarkı, müthiş yetenek, müthiş ses... bu böyle uzar gider. bizzat şahit olmak gerek; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i1fnnsbjn8
re-member anlambilimcilere selam ederim.
bugünlerde rüyamda dahi dinlediğim richie kotzen şarkısı. şu canlı versiyonu bence pek şahanedir bir de: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i1fnnsbjn8
(bkz: canlı kayıtları orijinalinden güzel olan şarkılar)*
bir zamanlar radyo vizyon ve mydonose'da çalan mükemmel ötesi maze şarkısı. http://www.timsah.com/…siddetle-tavsiye/ntrmvsqqt0b sözleri: maze - remember remember when you said our love will never ever end and now i am so lonely will never be the same again so here i am, falling again feeling your pain, don't play this game so here i am, don't play again here here i am don't play that game boy you are not my man so bye bye than here here i am don't play that game boy you are not my man so bye bye than so so bye.. so bye bye... so so bye.. so bye bye than... here here i am don't play that game boy you are not my man so bye bye than here here i am don't play that game boy you are not my man so bye bye than so so bye.. so bye bye... so so bye.. so bye bye than.. remember when you said our love will never ever end and now i am so lonely will never be the same again so here i am, falling again feeling your pain, don't play this game so here i am, don't play again so here i am... ahh... you never ever gonna have me try'na change me, boy you're crazy you telling me "bye bye baby" so bye baby so bye baby... you never ever gonna have me try'na change me, boy you're crazy you telling me "bye bye baby" so bye baby so bye baby... so so bye.. so so bye... so bye bye than...
lennon anlatıyor adlı kitaptan: jann wenner: 5 kasım nedir? j. lennon: ingiltere'de parlamento binasını havaya uçurdukları gün. her 5 kasım'da şenlik ateşleriyle kutlarız bu günü. gerçekte tümüyle doğaçtan bir eklemeydi; üçüncü kayıt filandı ve tam <<remember>> bölümüne gelmiştim ve kulağa frankie laine gibi gelmeye başlamıştı bu müzik, biliyorsun (şarkı söyleyerek) <<remember... remember the fifth of november>>.. ve orada durdum, yedi sekiz dakika böyle sürdü. öyle kendiliğinden bir mırıldanma... sonra orada kesip patlayıverdim, iyi bir espriydi bu. hiç guy fawkes'ı duymadınız mı? bu guy fawkes günüdür, ve ben parlamento binasını havaya uçurmanın dokunaklı olduğunu düşündüm.
"troy" filminin soundtrack'i olan "remember"; fonunda yer aldığı filmin ötesine geçen unutulmaz soundtrack'ler kategorisindedir. parçanın hem müziği hem de sözleri çok ama çok güzeldir.
aynı zamanda star trek voyager üçüncü sezon altıncı bölümünün adı.
2005-2006 yılları arası bir dönemdi sanırım, ilk dinlediğim disturbed şarkısı olmuştu, en çok da bu şarkısını sevdim sanırım. arada açar dinlerim, güzel oluyor. evet.
