the wizard of oz'un devam filmi. judy garland kadar olmasa da fairuza balk kizimiz da dorothy'yi basariyla canlandirmistir.
(bkz: özüne dönmek) (bkz: serbest çağrışım)
wizard of ozun bu devam filmi 1985 yılında, walter murch tarafından çevrilmiştir.
bir dönem kanal altıda her pazar sabahı oynayan, hayli tırstırık bulduğum film. kadroda piper laurie, nicol williamson ve de jean marsh mevcuttur. kafa değiştiren kadın ve taş adam yüzünden az ödüm patlamamıştı zamanında.
scissor sisters, yamulttugu comfortably numb'i sanki bu sarki ile aniyor, bende nedense pink floyd cagrisimlari yapti bu sarki.
sözlerini de yazalım: once there was a man who had a little too much time on his hands he never stopped to think that he was getting older. when his night came to an end he tried to grasp for his last friend and pretend that he could wish himself health on a four-leaf clover he said is this the return to oz? the grass is dead, the gold is brown and the sky has claws there's a wind-up man walking round and round what once was emerald city is now a crystal town its three o' clock in the morning you get a phone call from the queen with a hundred heads she says that they're all dead she tried the last one on it couldn't speak, fell off and now she just wanders the halls thinking nothing, thinking nothing at all she says is this the return to oz? the grass is dead, the gold is brown and the sky has claws there's a wind-up man walking round and round what once was emerald city is now a crystal town the wheelies are cutting pavement and the skeksis at the rave meant to hide deep inside their sunken faces and their wild, rolling eyes but their callous words reveal that they can no longer feel love or sex appeal the patchwork girl has come to cinch the deal to return to oz we've fled the world with smiles and clenching jaws please help me friend from coming down i've lost my place and now it can't be found is this the return to oz? the grass is dead, the gold is brown and the sky has claws there's a wind-up man walking round and round what once was emerald city is now a crystal town
yaklaşık 7-8 yaşımda annemin "gel bak güzel bir film başlıyor" diye beni kandırıp izlettiği film çok kandırdı sayılmaz güzel film zira o yaştaki bir çocuk için çok tehlikeli. 11 yaşımda beni psikoloğa götürdüklerinde bütün psikologların hastalarının kafalarına bir şey bağlayıp hatıralarını silmeye çalıştıklarını düşünüp olay çıkarmıştım ve bunu açıkladığımda epey bir gülme konusu olmuştum. bence çocuklar için pek uygun bir film değil.
