styx grubunun 1997 yılı konser kayıtlarının yer aldığı albümdür. albümün son parçası john panozzo içindir... bu albümde yer alan parçalar ise şöyledir : on my way paradise rockin the paradise blue collar man (long nights) lady too much time on my hands snowblind suite madame blue crystal ball grand illusion fooling yourself (the angry young man) show me the way boat on the river lorelei babe miss america come sail away renegade the best of times dear john
1978 a single man albümünden eskimtrak havalar içeren güzel bir elton john şarkısı. it`s paradise here where the sun meets the sea there`s nothing to fear and so much to be but soon i must go, say goodbye to it all that homeland of mine is beginning to call goodbye doesn`t mean this has to be the end fading dreams grow cold as ice and i got a feeling we will meet again when we return to paradise the wind in our hair and the sun in our eyes there`s no need for tears and no time for lies so reach out your hand and i`ll reach out my heart remember me while we are apart i`m heading homeward leaving sunshine and heading for rain but we`ll return to paradise again
x perience'tan cennetin fon müziği olmayı hak edebilecek kadar güzel bi şarkı. bunlar da sözleri: i walk on the water, oh she's so funny her taste on my lips, like milk and honey i see crystal lights, i want to stay forever i want to stay, i dive in love's sweet gin now and today, i throw away my pain, i want to stay, i'm gonna live today, forever... the return to paradise, it's all so nice beautiful i will dive into the light i'm glad to be in love the return to paradise, it's all so nice beautiful i will dive into the light i'm glad to be in love so deep so endlessly so nice and hopefully she gives the kiss of life to me i want to seek the sea, the liquid skies the warm and tender lights, when days arise i want to feel surreal, i want to stay, forever i want to stay, i dive in love's sweet gin now and today, i throw away my pain, i want to stay, i'm gonna live today, forever... the return to paradise, it's all so nice beautiful i will dive into the light i'm glad to be in love so deep so endlessly so nice and hopefully she gives the kiss of life to me the return to paradise, it's all so nice beautiful i will dive into the light i'm glad to be in love the return to paradise, it's all so nice beautiful i will dive into the light i'm glad to be in love
şeytanın isteği olduğunu zannettiğim düşüncenin gavurcası. "ah bi af çıksa da cennete geri dönsem" tabi.. caktirmadan sağ elime bak
bitttiğinde insanı 10 dakika yerinden kalkamayacak kadar sarsan, malezya denen ılımlı islam ülkesinde yaşanmış bir hikayeyi anlatan filmdir. aynı zamanda malezya'ya tatile gitmeme sebebidir.
sam sparro'nun 2012'de çıkan albümü.
