marilyn monroe ve robert mitchumin basrollerini paylastiklari, 1954 yapimi otto preminger filmi.
(bkz: the land of no return)
jeff healey band imzali, 1988 cikisli see the light albumunden bir parca. kanimca grubun yaptigi en iyi sarkilardandir. ---------- . ------------- “well, you know you're gonna have to steal it, if you want your cake and eat it, too there is no one less believin', than the guy who's been deceiving you you got to pay the piper, in the end you will be so much wiser got to use your best endeavor, when you're kissing to be clever 'cause it's a hard, hard lesson, that you're gonna learn, on the river of no return you been burnin' all your bridges, like a child with forty wishes, on the river of no return well, you got your finger, on the trigger, it would help if you was-a bigger now, it's not easy, i know, it's not easy 'cause it's a hard, hard lesson, that you're gonna learn, on the river of no return yes, you have done your share of cheatin', now you're gonna have to take a beatin' you been acting like a sucker now, you're gonna have to suffer, yeah 'cause it's a hard, hard lesson, that you're gonna learn, on the river of no return say, say, say it's a hard, hard, lesson, that you're gonna learn, on the river of no return it's a one way to go, it's on and on you go on the river of no return. say it again! it's a hard, hard lesson, that you're gonna learn, on the river of no return got swept out in the tide, with no one on your side, on the river of no return ” ------------- . ----------------
bruce dickinson'inki icin: break the bread and drink the wine seize the challace suck the poison vine there is frost in every sunbeam? water flows from the earth to sky looking down on every rose nothing moves the wheal of heaven turns as our fingers leave there trace, we are gods and the world returns ,up rise?. now we're lost you can’t desguise, the river of no return now its time you realise, the river of no return growing embers of our anchient lives we struggle hard we live to turn the tide living longer in the ‘astro-wast’ we stare each other, we looked death in the face all my life in front of you, lonely secrets hidden from your view. now we obit a different sun, for eternity ,doomed to tell no one.. now we're lost you can’t desguise, the river of no return now its time you realise, the river of no return solo now and truly all alone, canyon walls and the river of no return im amazed at what i am, i’ve never knew the feelings i’ve ignored now we're lost you can’t desguise, the river of no return now its time we realise, the river of no return and the anguish drives me on ,i wish i could return all alone and washed away to the river of no return
