super güzel bir everything but the girl sarkisi. i still haven't got over it even now. i want to spend huge amounts of time on my own. i don't want to cause any serious damage. i want to make sure that i can manage, because i'm not really in your head, i'm not really in your head. and i see love and disaffection and the clouds build up and won't pass over. this is my road to my redemption. and my life is just an image of a rollercoaster anyway. i still haven't got over it even now. i want to spend huge amounds of time in my room. and i'm not coming out until i feel ready, not running out for a while my heart's unsteady, and i'm not really in your head. i'm not really in your head. when you sky falls to minus zero, well some things must dissappear. oh this is my road to my redemption. and my life is just an image of a rollercoaster anyway. the names may have been changed but the faces are the same the names may have been changed but as people we're not the same. and i'm not, no i'm not, no i'm not really in your head. and my life is just an image of a rollercoaster anyway. yeah, my life is just an image of a rollercoaster anyway
super guzel bir the gathering $arkisi outrun the fight i use to hide in quiet places i'll rephrase my cry for i would keep on wondering the rest of my life you're all moving too fast my biggest fear is that we'll never ever last i know, it's not that easy let's hit the brakes don't take no time unless there's a crime to be committed i guess we lost our faith while we stand and wait untill nothing ever happens i know, it's not that easy let's hit the brakes
(bkz: love rollercoaster)
(bkz: life is a rollercoaster)
güzel bir modjo parçası
the gathering parçası olarak if then else albümündedir... hatta albümün açılış parçasıdır...
yeni bir sozlük yazarı
(bkz: six flags)
"outrun the fight i use to hide in quiet places" kurt olmalı insan, sonuna dek.
islands of advanture'daki "hulk"
deli gathering $arkisi, hangisi degil ki zaten..
içinde bulunduğumuz dünyanın durumunu kısaca özetleyen rebel moves şarkısı.. birileri durmadan daha fazlasını isteyip her şeyi tüketirken, başkalarının yokluktan ölmesine neden olmaları.. ya da bazıları daha fazla kontrol istiyo diye, masum annelerin yavrularından olmaları..
(bkz: red house painters) 1 - grace cathedral park 2 - katy song 3 - mistress 4 - things mean a lot 5 - funhouse 6 - take me out 7 - rollercoaster 8 - new jersey 9 - dragonflies 10 - mistress (piano version) 11 - mother 12 - strawberry hill 13 - brown eyes there's my favorite rollercoaster next to the blue water the one only sissies ride there's the sun going down creating that florescent glow reminding me i'll never be able to relive this day except in memory there's those big barking fish in the concrete stream growling for dog food bulging dead eyes that gleam but where's dad and where is mom looks like from here on out it's just me and you looks like from here on out it's just me and you
(bkz: rollercoaster tycoon)
aynı zamanda primal fear isimli hayvan fakat bayağı underrated grubun gaz ötesi parçasıdır. dinlerken sakin durmak imkansız, götü başı ayrı oynatıyor. sözleri içün: swimming in a pool of sharks diving in a sea of snakes i'm going insane the needle still injects my blood a blazing pain, a burning flood i'm nailed to the cross consequences melting down reality my face turns black, i'm off the radar screen inside of a demon - he said: burn, burn, burn the mind of a devil - like a rollercoaster inside of a demon - he said: burn, burn, burn in need of an angel - to protect me from myself standing in the line of fire running through the fields of war my hope's been stolen now please help me, mend my broken wings i have no hope, but still believe before i lose my faith no evidence remains, when i will fly away i've disappeared, i'm off the radar screen inside of a demon - he said: burn, burn, burn the mind of a devil - like a rollercoaster inside of a demon - he said: burn, burn, burn in need of an angel - to protect me from myself inside of a demon - he said: burn, burn, burn the mind of a devil - like a rollercoaster inside of a demon - he said: burn, burn, burn in need of an angel - to protect me from myself inside of a demon - he said: burn, burn, burn the mind of a devil - like a rollercoaster inside of a demon - he said: burn, burn, burn in need of an angel - to protect me from myself
alkol, uyuşturucu, sigara gibi bir şeydir rollercoaster. bir kere bindiniz mi, bir kere yaşattığı adrenalini tattınız mı geri dönüşü yoktur. hep istersiniz, hep daha fazlasını istersiniz. düşüncesi bile kalbinizin şiddetle çarpmasını sağlar. bir sonraki bineceğiniz günü iple çeker hale gelirsiniz. öyle lanet ama öyle güzel bir şeydir rollercoaster.
bir rebel moves şarkısı. should they really die just because you need more and more why should mothers cry just because you need more and more adiana settin naraya dua adiana settin naraya dua aseddi lay dili lay dili lay dili lay dili lay i wonder when you're gonna get enough
