bir richie sambora parçası, bana göre ise klasiğidir...
rosie r. sambora, j. bon jovi, d. chld, d. warren rosie watcha doin' in this low class joint dancin' in the dark all day you used to be the darlin' of your high school scene now you put your love on display sweaty hands hand you up a dollar bill hungry eyes never seem to get their fill i used to watch you walkin' down the hall rosie do you see me when you hear them call your name rosie, rosie i wanna take you away rosie, rosie i'm gonna make you mine someday rosie, i went with you for that rose tattoo you promised no one else would see i used to wait and drive you home from dancin' school remember when you danced just for me our love was deeper then the night was long but things just didn't work out like our favorite song i used to watch you walkin' down the hall rosie do you see me when you hear them call your name rosie, rosie i wanna take you away rosie, rosie i'm gonna make you mine someday do you remember our love was deeper then the night was long but things just didn't work out like our favorite song i used to watch you walkin' down the hall rosie do you see me when you hear them call your name rosie, rosie i wanna take you away rosie, rosie i'm gonna make you mine someday rosie, rosie i wanna take you away rosie, rosie i wanna take you away
aghartanın şaşı, şişman ve kart sesli siyam kedisi...çok yüksek sıcaklıklara dayanabildiği ve kaloriferin üzerinden kaldırılığında kediden alenen buharlar çıktığı tarafımca gözlemlenmiştir...
love $arkisi için (bkz: rosey)
tom waits - closing time albumunden bir sarki. well i'm sitting on a windowsill, blowing my horn nobody's up except the moon and me, and a lazy old tomcat on a midnight spree all that you left me was a melody. rosie, why do you evade? rosie, how can i persuade? rosie... and the moon's all up, full and big, apricot tips in an indigo sky, and i've been loving you, rosie, since the day i was born and i'll love you, rosie 'til the day i die. rosie, why do you evade? rosie, how can i persuade? rosie... rosie, why do you evade? rosie, how can i persuade? rosie... and i'm sitting on a windowsill, blowing my horn nobody's up except the moon and me, and a lazy old tomcat on a midnight spree all that you left me was a melody. rosie, why do you evade? rosie, how can i persuade? rosie...
geceleri duyunca korkulan, bir kediden beklenmeyecek sesler cikaran, bir koseden insanlari seyretmeyi seven aghartanin ilginc kedisi. sirin biseydir aslinda ama kedi oldugundan suphe duyulasi bir hayvandir. (bkz: siyam kedisi) (bkz: kedilerin garip huylari)
(bkz: whole lotta rosie)
gullu nun ingilizcesi, bir kadın adi
disi kopek ismi, hem de k9 polis kopeginin..
şişko, komik agharta kedisidir. siyam kedisinden beklenmeyecek derecede kocamandır poposu...
1998 yılı belçika yapımı bir filmdir. 13 yaşlarında bir genç kızımızın aile içi ve toplumsal hezeyanları sonucu yaşadığı sanrıları konu alır. gayet ağır ve rahatsız edici bir şekilde ilerlemesine rağmen sonuna kadar merakla beklersiniz nedir bu kızın derdi diye..
jetgiller'in balık etli duygusal robotunun adı aynı zamanda.
sambora'nın dediğine göre bu şarkıyı kendisine yazdıran rosie new jersey'den bir go go girl imiş, hatta amiyane tabir ile "maan, she was a bitch" imiş. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gev5s8npkqm
kelly jones'un only the names have changed adlı solo albümünde yer alan dikkat çekici bir şarkıdır.
rosie helped the kids stay alive she gave them the drugs so they didin’t die she cleaned up their mess as they wept and they moaned she got paid so little she rented her home an angel face, with the strength of a tower worked every day, every minute every hour when she wasn’t on the ward she was travelling on the train through the wind and the sun and the snow and the rain oh rosie - we thank you again oh rosie - we thank you again works all day, no time to eat running back’n for to help children see we piss up a wall all the poison we take she barely gets out, not to dine or to drink i tip my hat to the angels on the ward you’re in my heart with love forever more i thank you now for saving my girl and bringing her back to her own little world oh rosie – i thank you again oh rosie – i thank you again (bkz: kelly jones)
bir peter sarstedt şarkısı.
(bkz: how many more times)
jetgillerdeki yardımsever robot.annemin yavaştan ev işlerini kakaladığı dönemlerdi.hep böyle bir robotumuz olsun isterdim.
