sugababesin güzide bi şarkısının ismi..ancak ne anlama geldiğini hala çözebilmiş değilim.bi kalıp heralde ama, bilen varsa yazsın bizahmet.
ing. anlami "siper al" ayrica pantera'nin cowboys from hell $arkisinda da gecen "savulun bre" repligi.
sugababes-run for cover when blues got me down then i get turned around i tend to cut myself off from things i shouldn't run from it doesn't really matter sometimes we run for cover i'm always on the outside stabbed me in the back born with things that i lack sticking to your ploy is it something you enjoy? publicity and insecurity just wanna be me it's my need to be it free (chorus) it doesn't really matter sometimes we run for cover i'm always on the outside, oh you never seem to wonder how much you make me suffer i speak it from the inside looking right at me (at me) won't receive my plea (my plea) tell me what you mean (you mean) i'm not what's on the screen, oh thinking what will be (will be) fighting the fatigue (fatigue) that's quite enough for me makes me wanna scream (scream, scream, scream, scream...) keep it to myself (repeat chorus:) it doesn't really matter sometimes we run for cover i'm always on the outside, oh keep it to myself you never seem to wonder how much you make me suffer i speak it from the inside (repeat chorus:) keep it to myself, oh it doesn't really matter sometimes we run for cover, oh i'm always on the outside, oh keep it to myself you never seem to wonder how much you make me suffer i speak it from the inside.
sugababes in güzel şarkı yapmaya başladığının bi göstergesidir
marcus miller parcasi. duzenleme olarak da cok hostur ama 03.45 de yine bir sov baslar ki akillara zarardir. cok atraksiyonu olmasa bile muthis bir atmosfer katar sarkiya
udo'nun "animal house" albümünde yer alan harika parça: run for cover see the man in white he’s old he wouldn’t dare to fight, to fight another rockin’ like a beast upon a never ending dream we love each other asking for a sign - the action’s coming from behind let’s run for cover feel the music’s beat, we fight for rock and in the heat we stand together we’re holding back for you when you fight and we stand one for another we’re holding back for you, when you run for cover we’re holding back for you when you fight and we stand one for another we’re holding back for you, when you run for cover and see those open eyes when you are standing here tonight that’s why - we’re holding back for you, when you run for cover restless in the night, we all stand up for this delight we fight together - together we’re holding back for you when you fight and we stand one for another we’re holding back for you, when you run for cover we’re holding back for you when you fight and we stand one for another we’re holding back for you, when you run for cover we’re holding back for you, ...
pro pain'in 2003 tarihli cover albumu. siddetle tavsiye edilir. ozellikle refuse/resist ve south of heaven yorumlari cok basarilidir. tracklist : never again circle of the tyrants the crowd refuse-resist iron fist 100% terpentin nothing weeds just sit there damaged ii your mistake knife edge south of heaven
gary moore un 1985 yilindaki hit albumu. cagdaslari göz önünde bulundurulursa döneminin önde gelen, en basarili hard rock albumlerinden biri. bir de phil lynott ile birlikte seslendirdikleri, o siralar listeleri alt ust eden out in the fields da bu albumdedir. albumde ayrica ne yazik ki son demlerini yasayan kadim dostu phil lynott military man isimli parcayi da okumustur. hisli sarki empty rooms da bu calismadan belleklerde kalan diger bir lezzettir... hulasa gayri albumu edindigimizden 19 yil sonra coktan muzikal begenimizde kiymeti harbiye kavlinden fazla racon muhteva etmeyip, kendisinin tutkulu bir izleyicisi olmamamiza ragmen tazelik donemindeki bir iki nafile calismayi saymazsak yetmis ve seksenli yillardaki kariyeri boyu ardarda dizdigi hard rockli muzik turunu icra eylemi, dinlendiginde ikinci el hissi uyandiran, ozenti, apansiz cansimidi gibi sarildigi blues muzigi ahval ve seraitindeki denemelerinden ziyadesiyle gercek gelmekte ve haliyle nazari acidan daha fazla lezzet içermektedir kanimizca.
gary moore un albumune adini veren sarkinin sozleri: (gary moore) run - run - run - run. run, you'd better find somewhere to run. you think you?re foolin? everybody, but you're not foolin? anyone. hide, you always need some place to hide. but you can't hide from what's inside yourself, you just can't face it. run, run for cover now. you'd better run for cover now. you'd better find some other place to hide the loneliness inside. you'd better run, run for cover now. you'd better run for cover now, before it gets too late. run, you're gonna run right out of time. you?ve let yourself fall way behind now and all the years have passed you by. lies, i used to listen to your lies. but now i've learned to read between the lines, i've got your number. run, run for cover now. you'd better run for cover now. you'd better find some other place to hide the loneliness inside. you'd better run, run for cover now. you'd better run for cover now, before it gets too late. yeah. run, run for cover now. you'd better run for cover now. you'd better find some other place to hide the loneliness inside. you'd better run, run for cover now. you'd better run for cover now. you'd better find some other place to hide what's eating you inside. you'd better run, run for cover now. you'd better run for cover now. yeah. run for cover. run - run - run - run. run - run - run - run. run - run - run - run. yeah, yeah.
pro-pain'in 2003 çıkışlı tamamen coverlardan oluşan albümü. tracklisti ve parçaların asıl sahibi olan gruplar: never again (discharge) circle of the tyrants (celtic frost) the crowd (operation ivy) refuse-resist (sepultura) iron fist (motörhead) 100% (the spudmonsters) terpentin (bohse onkelz) nothing (negative approach) weeds (life of agony) just sit there (crumbsuckers) damaged ii (black flag) your mistake (agnostic front) knife edge (gbh) south of heaven(slayer)
sugababesin en iyi şarkısı... top of the pops live acoustic versiyonu daha da bir hoş...
rap nasıl yapılır cümle aleme öğreten bir otep şarkısı. you have 7 more seconds to decipher your life before my tongue becomes a blade & your brain gets sliced i warned you before, i'm addicted to war i was preying for armageddon on the day i was born incite & ignite cried my muse elevating iq's as i enter the room it's elemental defying gravity with these lyrical miracles & street philosophies it's the chosen child destroying idols like i'm gideon manipulating matter transfer data like a pentium processor, throw these rocks atcha i be the queen weaving dreams with supreme lectures infect ya, lyrically dissect ya i got control of your soul so no gods can protect ya "you betcha"! we can set ya free best believe that this tribe of mystery was born and bred to conceive brilliant galaxies of mind expanding poetry enemies know it's me, armed with mental weaponry ain't no testin' me, the tribe comes prepared to get live you're just a drone to the hive ain't no way you'll survive ravage vanquish mangle destroy run for cover run for cover no one gets out alive run for cover run for cover no one gets out alive ripped at the seams i destroy galaxies word becomes flesh i bring nations to its knees so feel the blast as this broad casts out any doubt that real rhymes last its the voice of the apocalypse the god of war with osiris' esophagus an omnivore take you higher than the krsna consciousness from gotham to metropolis the lesser gods eradicates the obvious we fight for all of us so get up off the ground weapon systems armed it's about to go down it's for the crown! ravage vanquish mangle destroy run for cover run for cover no one gets out alive run for cover run for cover no one gets out alive craven! there will be blood on my fists on your face on the ground around us this is pain have a taste i'm addicted to the rush of bruises & bloodstains dark god in my veins i will hate it all away no, nothing will remain the enemy is me! you weak, ineffectual plebe! even jesus worships me, i bow down to none your little light is like a candle trying to outshine the sun run for cover run for cover no one gets out alive inside my mind where heaven & hell collide you won't survive suck! & swallow your pride suck! & swallow pride no one gets out alive the enemy is me the enemy is me
4 line up'ın toplamda 7 albümünde bulunan onlarca şarkı arasından oldukça büyük bir farkla sıyrılan en güzel sugababes şarkısı... artık büyük ihtimalle konserlerde bile söylenmeyecek, sadece sugababes v1.0'ı hatırlayan küçük bir grup insan tarafından dinlenecek...
