bir bon jovi şarkısı
(bkz: runaway train)
ing. durumun kontroldan çıkması (bkz: sorcerers apprentice mode)
bir gelin çeşididir. (bkz: runaway bride)
problemlerinden kaçan insan anlamında da kullanılır, yüzleşemeyen hiçbirşeyle.
metro smash hits'te dinleyerek vurulduğum the corrs parçası* say it's true, there's nothing like me and you i'm not alone, tell me you feel it too and i would run away i would run away, yeah..., yeah i would run away i would run away with you cause i am falling in love with you no never i'm never gonna stop falling in love with you close the door, lay down upon the floor and by candlelight, make love to me through the night (through the night, through the night...) cause i have run away i have run away, yeah..., yeah i have run away, run away i have run away with you cause i am falling in love (falling in love) with you no never i'm never gonna stop falling in love with you... with you... and i would runaway i would runaway, yeah..., yeah i would runaway (runaway) i would runaway with you cause i am falling in love (falling in love) with you no never i'm never gonna stop falling in love with you... falling in love (falling in love) with you no never i'm never gonna stop falling in love with you with you, my love, with you... na ni na ni na na... (with you, with you, with you, with you)
bana kalirsa bon jovi'nin yaptigi ve yapacagi en iyi sarki. buram buram 80'ler kokmasina ragmen hala dinlenince sikmaz. bir de sosyal mesaji vardir, tipki bircok bon jovi sarkisinda oldugu gibi.
(bkz: runway)
bon joviye ait olanin sozleri; on the street where you live girls talk about their social lives they're made of lipstick plastic and paint a touch of sable in their eyes all your life all you've asked when's your daddy gonna talk to you you were living in another world tryin' to get your message through no one heard a single word you said they should have seen it in your eyes what was going around your heart ooh she's a little runaway daddy's girl learned fast all those things he couldn't say ooh she's a little runaway a different line every night guaranteed to blow your mind see you out on the streets call me for a wild time so you sit home alone 'cause there's nothing left that you can do there's only pictures hung in the shadows left there to look at you you know she likes the lights at nights on the neon broadway signs she don't really mind it's only love she hoped to find no one heard a single word she said they should have seen it in your eyes what was going around your heart ooh she's a little runaway daddy's girl learned fast all those things he couldn't say ooh she's a little runaway daddy's girl learned fast now she walks the night away ooh she's a little runaway daddy's girl learned fast all those things he couldn't say ooh she's a little runaway daddy's girl learned fast now she walks the night away $eklindedir.
brave albümünde yer alan marillion parçası... lyrics: helmer/hogarth music: hogarth/kelly/mosley/rothery/trewavas did you cry when they dragged you home put a lock on the door and the telephone was a runaway girl all they could see have the nights and the days that you've come through made the right seem wrong and the false seem true was a runaway girl all they could see a teenage extra from the satellite tv runaway girl too bad, too bad runaway girl too wild, too wild were they deaf to the prayer behind your lies maybe they didn't dare to ask you why was a runaway girl all they chose to see all they were prepared to admit to runaway girl too bad, too bad runaway girl a real wild child so you cower in the towns forgotten places and you make your bed with unfamiliar faces and at last you've got your freedom but that's all you've got you're tryin' to make your mind up if you're better off you pretend to wait for washing in some laundromat but you're damned if you'll give them the satisfaction of you going back you'd freeze to death before you'd share a roof with them and you'd starve before you'd let him get his hands on you again did you cry when they dragged you home did you cry when they dragged you home poor little runaway, poor little runaway
i wa-wa-wa-wa-wonder ve my little runaway, run-run-run-run-runaway kısımlarını her ne kadar beceremesek de, söylemeye çalışması çok zevkli del shannon şarkısı. ne zaman duysam bu şarkıyı, artık aramızda olmayan kent fm gelir aklıma. doksanların başında ne zaman 101.1 i açsam runawayi çalsalar die dilek tutardım kendimce. sağolsunlar her seferinde yerine getirdiler dileğimi.
"oooooo şiiiizelidıl raneveey... dediiiz görl löööndfest ooldıtingzi vudıntsey" nidaları 16lı yaşlarımızı süsleyen bi bon jovi parçası
barış manço ve kaygısızlar grubunun 1968 tarihli az bilinen bir şarkısı.
(bkz: runaway a road adventure)
rivayete göre bon jovi'nin ünlü olmadan önce bir menajere dinletip beğendirdiği ve gruba şöhretin kapılarını açan harika şarkı.
dun caravan'da konserlerini izleyip begendigimiz grup.
yıllardır zevkle gittiğim caravan'dan nefret etmemi sağlamış grup. vokalin sesi felaket, gitarist ise çalması zor olan şarkıları çalmaya kasınca ortaya acı verici durumlar çıkıyor. ama basçıları çok sağlamdı. takdir ettik.
blood for blood'ın serenity, screeching weasel'ın ise boogadaboogadaboogada albümünde yorumladığı del shannon şarkısı. kanımca blood for blood'ın yorumu daha iyi olmuştur.
iio'nun yılan hikayesine dönen poetica'sını müjdeleyen dördüncü single. işte sözleri: can we go away and never turn around again on an escapade and always keep the vision can we open out and spread ourselves around the sand captivate the sun keep the light till the world ends runaway runaway take away the wall and break away my defense candle by our side and never let the rain begin we're a part of a plan and it's already written there is no other way it's inside our every sense earth is our island karma, am i yours is that your intuition if that is your word i'm the definition in our destinies that is what was missing echo in my mind even through a distance
damaklarda sarap tadı, akıllarda buruk bi mutluluk bırakan live sarkısı.
brave adlı marillion albümünde 3. sırada yer alan bu şarkı, gayet kraldır. defalarca dinlenebilir. çok sıradan gelebilecek bi piyano melodisine, kimilerine klişe gelebilecek sözlere sahip olduğu bi gerçektir ama içinde barındırdığı solo ve ana melodisinin gücü şarkıyı sürükler, steve hogarth amcanın vokali üzerine bişey yazma gereği duymuyorum bile. marillion'un en iyi şarkılarından biridir.
(bkz: vanina)
barış manço ve kaygısızlar'ın*** birlikte doldurdukları sağlam 45lik. sözlerini yazayım da tam olsun diycem ama barış manço'nun muhteşem telaffuzundan bi bok anlaşılmıyor hahaha.
bon jovi'nin ciki$ parcasidir. 1980'de bestelenmi$, 83'te calinmi$tir; grubun en iyilerinden, cok cok iyi bir parcadir. 20 yil once keyifle dinleyenler, ya$arsa 20 yil sonra da keyifle dinleyebilir. ben bugun dinlemek istiyorum diyenleri, unutmadik.*
şarkısı ne kadar güzelse klibi de o derece dandik olan the corrs parçası. klibinde tüm grup elemanları birbirinden ayrı ve asenkron olarak ağızlarını oynatıp kendilerinden geçerek n. sınıf dandik pop şarkıcıları gibi kendilerini madara ediyorlar. bir de andrea corr arada ordan oraya koşuyor, üzülmüş gibi yapıp ağaçlara yaslanıyor şarkıyla alakalı olsun diye.
kenneth rexroth'un bir şiiri: there are sparkles of rain on the bright hair over your forehead; your eyes are wet and your lips wet and cold, your cheek rigid with cold. why have you stayed away so long, why have you only come to me late at night after walking for hours in wind and rain? take off your dress and stockings; sit in the deep chair before the fire. i will warm your feet in my hands; i will warm your breasts and thighs with kisses. i wish i could build a fire in you that would never go out. i wish i could be sure that deep in you was a magnet to draw you always home. kaçış yağmur pırıltıları var ışıltılı saçlarında, alnına düşen; islak gözlerin ve dudakların soğuk ve ıslak; katılıp kalmış yanakların soğuktan. neden bu kadar çok kaldın uzaklarda, neden yalnızca gece geç saatlerde geldin bana yürüyüp saatlerce yağmur altında, rüzgârda? çıkar giysilerini ve çoraplarını; otur ateşin karşısındaki koltuğa. ellerimle ısıtacağım ayaklarını; öpüşlerimle ısıtacağım göğüslerini ve uyluklarını. bir büyük ateş yakmak isterdim içinde, hiç sönmeyen. emin olmak isterdim senin taa içinde bir mıknatıs olduğuna, seni eve çeken. (türkçesi: güven turan)
(bkz: fugitive)
çok eğlenceli süper zevkli bir adventure oyunu.. yeni keşfetmekle beraber bir monkey island görünümü bir sanitarium gizemi yakaladım diyebilrim.. ipuçları için buyruğn: http://www.uhs-hints.com/uhsweb/runaway.php
jamiroquai'in kasım ayında cıkaracağı best of niteliğindeki high times - singles 1992-2006 albümünün 2 yeni parçasından biri. sözlerini de yazalım tam olsun: can you dig it something in the air tonight got a one way ticket baby, don't you wanna ride got to make it make it to the other side i've got demons snapping at my heels tonight chorus i just want to runaway turn me loose got people around running me down i cant stay woo i just want to get away, i just want to get away now. get them off my back today can u feel it im stuck inside in a hurricane chasing rainbows cant u see im going insane i wanna be a free man but im spinning on this crazy wheel im jumping for the high bar cant u dig it no longer know what i feel cant u see chorus i just want to runaway turn me loose got people around running me down i cant stay i just want to get away, i just want to get away now. get them off my back today i just wanna runaway turn me loose, turn me loose turn me loose, turn me loose (interlude) got to make it, got to make it got to break it, got to make it chorus i just want to runaway just want to runaway got people around running me down i cant stay can't stay here long now i just want to get away i just got to get away get them off my back today woo i just want to runaway la la la la la la just want to get away la la la la la la turn me loose, runaway runaway got people around running me down i can't stay runaway, runaway i just want to runaway la la la la la la just got to get away la la la la la la turn me loose, runaway get them off my back today
içinde kleeer-vari melodiler barındıran jamiroquai parçası.
groove coverage'in da boyle gayet ho$ bir parcasi var, "no i am not your fucking second choice"
gectigimiz sezon dizimaxde yayinlanan, yeni bolumleri ne zaman baslayacak diye merak ederken amerikada 3. bolumunde gosterimden kaldirildigini ve zaten topu topu 9 bolum cekilip onlarin da burada yayinlandigi ogrenerek sinir kupu oldugum dizi. (bkz: madem yayindan kalkmis devami yok niye burada gosterirsin be adam)
"like the old good days" diyoruz, bon jovi'nin çıkış parçası olduğunu bir kez daha hatırlatıp, artık evlenip çoluk çocuğa karışan lise aşklarımıza son bir selam gönderiyoruz, "eski güzel günler"..: http://youtube.com/watch?v=22yhmcjntk8
90 lı yıllardan bir real mccoy parçası....grup ilk çıkışını another night ile yapmıştı.
bir de gary allan coverlamis bu runaway'i, kissed by an angel (aka cowboys and angels) diye degman bir filmde girisi dikkatimi cekmis fellik fellik soundtrack aratmisti bana. aslinda kovboylarin bildii bi parcaymis da bu cografyada taninmamis olmasi normal tabi. parcanin genelinde bir olayi yok kanimca ama girisi (ilk iki kita) acaip kanina isliyor insanin, keske hep bu sekilde gitse hic bitmese dedirtiyor... (en azindan bana) as i walk along i wonder what went wrong with our love a love so rare and strong and as i walk along, i think of the times we had together while our hearts were young i'm a walkin' in the rain tears are fallin' and i feel the pain wishin' you were here by me to end this misery and i wonder i wa wa wa wonder why, why why why why why she ran away and i wonder where she will stay my little runaway, a run run run run runaway i'm a walkin' in the rain tears are fallin' and i feel the pain wishin' you were here by me to end this misery and i wonder i wa wa wa wonder why, why why why why why she ran away and i wonder where she will stay my little runaway, a run run run run runaway a run run run run runaway a run run run run runaway
traveling wilburys coveri da dinlenesi bir sarkidir. eski turk filmlerinde cok calar o yuzden bir asinalik vardir.
efsane live parçası. sözleri de böyle böyle: "looks like i've lost my will to carry on, my friend" she said and you can hear it in my whispered cries for love i need your blissful touch to carry me away again so can we roll tonight, roll through your desert, can we start over and just... run away, run away tonight it aint no victory, but i don't care, i don't care if its wrong or right we can just run away, run away tonight it aint no victory but i don't care, i don't care if its wrong or right "looks like i've lost my will to carry on, my friend" she said i'm like a posse that's been ridin' for days i've got the scars to prove that love has had its day and it's way with me so can we roll tonight, roll through your desert, can we start over and just... run away, run away tonight it aint no victory but i don't care, i don't care if its wrong or right we can just run away, run away tonight it aint no victory but i don't care, i don't care if its wrong or right this ain't no night to be on your own you've got to know where you're coming from to know just where you're goin', lord you've got to know where you're coming from this ain't no night to be on your own run away, run away tonight it aint no victory but i don't care, i don't care if its wrong or right we can just run away, run away tonight it aint no victory but i don't care i don't care i don't care i don't care i don't care run away run away run away (bkz: durduk yerde adamin amına koyan şarkılar)
janet jackson'ın 1995 çıkışlı hiti.
bon jovi nin ilk albümde yer alan versiyonu grubun bilinen 5lisi ile yeniden kaydedilmiş halidir. oysa 45lik olarak çıkan versiyonunda dave snake sabo ve şu an da yeniden bon jovi bass çısı olan hugh mcdonald gibi müzisyenler pena sallamıştı
luis cardenas tarafından güzel bir coverı yapılmış del shannon parçası
del shannon'ınki yağmurda dinlenesi, tadından yenmeyesidir.
loose albumunden enfes bir nelly furtado sarkisi.buyrunuz sozleri ; there are only two places i could go one is dark, and it feels so hollow and it lets me in only to swallow to much water until i drown, baby and the other place is calm and sweet i can almost feel wings beneath my feet and i don't care if it feels to deep i like it, i like it and i know you wanna take a chance and i know you wanna understand me and let me in but you, runaway from what you know and you, runaway from what you don't i don't wanna wait for you to change your mind don't take the time show me your love tonight there are only two places that i see one is strong, and the other one feels so weak and this plan feels so strange to me but, it's all i see, baby and i know you wanna let it go and i know you wanna flow this love but you can't so you, runaway from what you know and you, runaway from what you don't i don't wanna wait for you to change your mind don't take the time show me your love tonight, oh yeah, tonight. all the angels know what i know you're an angel that sings to me it's the greatest secret of all i am free from thinking but you, runaway from what you know and you, runaway from what you don't i don't wanna wait for you to change your mind don't take the time let's make love don't runaway from what you know don't runaway, just let it go i don't wanna wait for you to tell me what's right don't fight it let's make love tonight oh yeah, tonight, oh yeah, oh yeah, baby, oh yeah, let's make love tonight ayni isimli farkli bir sarkinin kahramanlari icin (bkz: jamiroquai) bass line'i duyup duyabilecek en iyi bass linelardandir.
çok eğlenceli bir avril lavigne şarkısı. insanı mutsuzken mutlu edip, etrafta "i just wanna scream and lose control..." diye bağıra bağıra gezmesine neden olabilir.
şarkının son kısmında keman mı ağlıyor, sayın karen o bir çığlık mı patlatıyor tam belli değil. ben uçuyorum ama. harikulade.
gossip girl s02e21'de çalan süper yeah yeah yeahs parçası.
albümün en harika şarkısı. want you to be my prize ne de tatlı bir söz öyle.
gossip girlde duyup dinlemeye başladığım, acaip bir şekilde hüzünlendiren yeah yeah yeahs şarkısı.
can you tell gibi, sacmasapan amerikan dizilerine meze yapilan bir diger guzel sarki.
insanda bas gitar çalma hevesi uyandıran jamiroquai şarkısı
del shannon'un runaway'ini elvis de söylemiştir çok da iyi yapmıştır; http://www.youtube.com/…mgdhfvfyo2w&feature=related
paul turner'ın efsane baslarıyla şenlenmiş jamiroquai parçası. dinlemesi ayrı çalması ayrı zevkli. stuart zender 1 numaradır vesaire de bu adam da hakikaten şahane yahu. ayrıca live at abbey road versiyonu daha da güzeldir.
abigail bailey'nin müthiş sesiyle renklendirdiği, tom novy parçası. birçok remix'i olmasına rağmen orijinal versiyonu en güzelidir. sözleri: i'm broken down try to keep firmly on the ground when walking through that open door i'm risking it all but it's a chance i got to take better to be than be for gone 'cause i'm out of control and so insecure but it only makes me want it more the harder i try the further it seems to slip away you keep pulling me down can't take any more i'm fighting this battle on my own should i surrender if i fall i gotta runaway i'm only hiding from myself i feel like i suffocate i gotta get away i'm only hiding from the truth i feel like i suffocate i gotta runaway runaway... there's something inside staring me right into my eyes i'm trusting my conscious as my friend i try and i try but you just keep me holding when will this nightmare ever end 'cause i'm out of control and so insecure but it only makes me want it more the harder i try the further it seems to slip away you keep pulling me down can't take any more i'm fighting this battle on my own should i surrender if i fall i gotta runaway i'm only hiding from myself i feel like i suffocate i gotta get away i'm only hiding from the truth i feel like i suffocate runaway runaway get away runaway
linkin parkın hybrid theory albümündeki en iyi şarkılardan birisi.
janet jackson'ın 1995 senesinde çıkardığı design of a decade isimli derlemesinde bulunan iki yeni şarkıdan biri* ve single olarak ilk çıkanı. klibinde janet bütün dünyâyı oradan oraya zıplayarak dolaşır, her atlayışta farklı bir ülkeye düşer. sözler de bu konuyu anlatır zâten, eğlencelidir. sözleri de şöyle ki: i've seen the world been to many places made lots of friends many different races i've had such fun around the world it's true african skies with nairobi mood i fell asleep in tuscany and dreamed the one thing missing was you runaway with me my love yeah yeah yeah yeah the one thing missing was you runaway with me my love yeah yeah yeah yeah i woke up with an australian breeze and danced the dance with aborigines oh under the moon glow down in mexico i dreamed one thing was missing that's you runaway with me my love yeah yeah yeah yeah the one thing missing was you runaway with me my love yeah yeah yeah yeah we'll sail the water of many colours won't need no compass love will guide our way don't need nobody long as we got each other no need to hurry we've got everyday i want to share the world with you you see springtime in paris was so good to me oh this is for me and reality so please make all my wishes come true runaway with me my love yeah yeah yeah yeah the one thing missing was you and i just want to have a good time yeah ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh and i just know we'll have a good time yeah oh please come with me and i just know we'll have a good time it'll be fun walking in the rain in spain haha and i just know we'll have a good time oh didn't quiet hit the note that wasn't such a good time and i just know we'll have a good time yeah don't you think so yeah i do and i just know we'll have a good time yeah
tom selleck'in ve kirstie alley'in bu isimde bilimkurgu filmi vardı. aklımda en çok mekanik örümcekler kalmış. böyle tarantula boyutunda mekanik örümcekler vardı. youtube ben de çalışmadığından ktunnel'li link'i http://www.ktunnel.com/…9ab1bdd531037a092dbc2d18060
her geçen saniye sizi içine çeken, su gibi akıp giden felaket bir yeah yeah yeahs şarkısı. sanki elini uzatıp dokunabilecek kadar gerçekmiş gibi...
the national'ın high violet albümünden enfes bir şarkı. sözlerini de yazayım da tam olsun there's no savin' anything now we're swallowin' the shine of the sun there's no savin' anything from the shine of the sun but i won't be no runaway cause i won't run no i won't be no runaway what makes you think i’m enjoyin' being led to the flood we got another thing comin' undone that’s taking us over we don't bleed when we don't fight go ahead go ahead throw your arms in the air tonight we don't bleed when we don't fight go ahead go ahead throw your shirts in the fire tonight what makes you think i’m enjoying being led to the flood we got another thing comin' undone but i won't be no runaway cause i won't run no i won't be no runaway cause i won't run no i won't be no runaway what makes you think i’m enjoyin' being led to the flood we got another thing comin' undone that’s taking forever we don't bleed when we don't fight go ahead go ahead throw your arms in the air tonight we don't bleed when we don't fight go ahead go ahead there’s our shirts in the fire tonight what makes you think i'm enjoying being led to the flood we got another thing comin' undone we got another thing comin' undone that’s taking us over i'll go bravin' anything with you swallowin' the shine of the sun i'll go bravin' everything with you swallowin' the shine but i won't be no runaway cause i won't run no i won't be no runaway cause i won't run no i won't be no runaway what makes you think i’m enjoying being led to the flood we got another thing comin' undone they’ve taken us over we don't bleed when we don't fight go ahead go ahead throw your arms in the air tonight we don't bleed when we don't fight go ahead go ahead lose our shirts in the fire what makes you think i’m enjoying being led to the flood we got another thing comin undone we got another thing comin' undone that’s taking us over that’s taking forever
kanye west'in yeni bombası. herif egoist, ruh hastası, narsist, fakat konu müzik olunca muhteşem bir yetenek. on numara iş çıkarmış yine. sözlük sever bunu. eski sevgiliye armağan edip, aklınıza geldikçe loop'a alacağınız türden olmuş. http://www.youtube.com/…pek&feature=player_embedded
nuyorican soul başlığını görünce aklıma geldi şimdi, çünkü o elemanlar cover'ını yaptıydı bunun, bu da ne şarkıydı yav. şarkıyı açtığımız gibi çatırt diye gitar riff'lerini beynimize yiyorduk, new york gece hayatının tanınmış simalarından loleatta holloway söylüyordu şarkıyı, "yes i'm gonna mess around" diyerek "don't want your love, don't need it" diyerek bi fem fatal ayağına mı yatıyordu anlamıyorum, ah kadınlar, zaten onları kim anlayabildi ki diy mi frank? vince montana jr da loleatta ablanın gazıyla uzunca bir vibrafon (vibrofon? nası yazılıyodu la bu?) solosu atıyor single version olmayanında, bak yine loop'a aldık zaten salsoul orchestra anthology cd 1 1975-1978 gibisi yok hacı.
valla sözleri biraz enteresan ne desem bilemiyorum, twitterdaki takipçilerine penisinin resmini çekip yollamasıyla ilgili sözler falan var ama. çok güzel bi şarkı, bütün gün kendimi alamadım dinlemekten. 9 dakika olması da daha çok hoşuma giden tarafı, loopa alsan alsan 2-3 kere dinlesen yetiyor bu sayede.
çaldığında, yakınımda bas gitar olduğu takdirde şahsıma 10 stuart zender gücü veren jamiroquai parçasıdır. ne güzel bas partisyonlarıdır onlar yau...
yeah yeah yeahs'in en iyi parçası. her şey mükemmel. seviyoruz. takipçiyiz.
kanye west . deli dahinin süper düper şarkısıdır. lets have a toast for the douchebags. sözlerini yazalım tam olsun( burada retro sözlük yaptım.) bu şarkının sözlerinin hala burda olmaması da ilginç yani. bu zenciler nasıl gözünüze girecek sözlük ahalisi. and i always find, yeah, i always find somethin' wrong you been puttin' up wit' my shit just way too long i'm so gifted at findin' what i don't like the most so i think it's time for us to have a toast let's have a toast for the douchebags, let's have a toast for the assholes, let's have a toast for the scumbags, every one of them that i know let's have a toast for the jerkoffs that'll never take work off baby, i got a plan run away fast as you can she find pictures in my email i sent this girl a picture of my, dick i don't know what it is with females but i'm not too good with that, shit see, i could have me a good girl and still be addicted to them hoodrats and i just blame everything on you at least you know that's what i'm good at and i always find yeah, i always find yeah, i always find somethin' wrong you been puttin' up with my shit just way too long i'm so gifted at findin' what i don't like the most so i think it's time for us to have a toast let's have a toast for the douchebags, let's have a toast for the assholes, let's have a toast for the scumbags, every one of them that i know let's have a toast for the jerkoffs that'll never take work off baby, i got a plan run away fast as you can run away from me, baby run away run away from me, baby run away doesn't have to get crazy, why can't she just run away? babe i've got a plan, run away as fast as you can run away from me, baby run away run away from me, baby run away doesn't have to get crazy, why can't she just, run away? baby i got a plan, run away as fast as you can (pusha t) 24/7, 365, pussey stays on my mind i-i-i-i did it, all right, all right, i admit it now pick your next move, you could leave or live wit' it ichabod crane with that motherfuckin' top off split and go where? back to wearin' knockoffs, ha ha knock it off, neiman's, shop it off let's talk over mai tais, waitress, top it off whoes like hoechers wanna fly in your freddy loafers you can't blame 'em, they ain't never seen versace sofas every bag, every blouse, every bracelet comes with a price tag, baby, face it you should leave if you can't accept the basics plenty whoes in the baller-nigga's matrix invisibly set, the rolex is faceless i'm just young, rich, and tasteless p! (kanye) never was much of a romantic i could never take the intimacy and i know it did damage plus the look in your eyes, is killing me i guess you knew an advantage cuz you can blame me for every thing and i don't know how imma manage if one day you just up and leave and, i always find somethin' wrong yeah i always find somethin' wrong you been puttin' up with my shit just way too long i'm so gifted at findin' what i don't like the most so i think it's time for us to have a toast let's have a toast for the douchebags, let's have a toast for the assholes, let's have a toast for the scumbags, every one of them that i know let's have a toast for the jerkoffs that'll never take work off baby, i got a plan run away fast as you can
kanye west'in my beautiful dark twisted fantasy adlı son albümünden müthiş bir şarkı, aynı adı taşıyan 34 dakikalık bir kısa film çekmişler, albümün en bomba şarkıları var, hikaye yazmışlar şarkılara. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jg5wkz-djxa&nr=1 13:30'dan itibaren runaway'i dinleyebilirsiniz.
sonunda manyak bir çığlık atılan aşmış bon jovi şarkısı. solosu da harika.
bu sabah fm-saat teknolojisi sayesinde beni uyandiran bonjovi sarkisidir. klasik rock sarkilari calan bi kanal bulmus, dun saati bu kanalla calmasi icin ayarlamistim. sabah sabah verdigi enerji ile bi pazartesiyi daha katil olmadan gecirmemi saglayacaktir runaway, zira bu saat oldu, bikmadan dinliyorum. videosundaki saclar olsun, kiyafetler olsun, hersey baska bi sahane.
bana kalırsa, extended versiyonu çok daha güzel olan kanye west şarkısıdır. yalnız son kısmında anamıza bacımıza mı sövüyor onu bilemiyoruz.
yeah yeah yeahsle kulağıma çalındığı anda beynime işleyen parçadır runaway. nasıl böyle güzel sesler vardır, ne güzel söylerler akıl erdiremez insan. sakin bir hüzün bırakır insana bu ses, zaten şarkı da i was felling sad diye başlar.
balerinlerin estetiğinden mi piyanonun girişinden mi nedir hemencecik sevdim ben bu şarkıyı. kanye west yapmış. kliple ilgili bir kaç şey söyleyeyim. öndeki üçlü kızların solda olanı çoğu zaman kameranın alanına girmiyordu ya da yarım giriyordu. ben sanki onun yerindeymişim gibi içerledim bu duruma açıkçası. ayrıca extended versiyonda yine o öndeki üçlünün bu sefer sağ tarafta olanının(ki kendisi bence en iyi danseden) topuzu 5:30-5:34 arasında at kuyruğu oluyor. sonraki görüntülerde yine topuza dönüveriyor ama hata işte.
nakaratıyla olayı götürmüş şarkıdır, hayatımızdaki assholelara ithafen kadeh kaldırmak hoş olabilir. kanye'yi taktir ediyorum sarcasm konusunda ve orda burda, müzik yarışmalarında ödül falan alamadığında sahneye fırlayıp itiraz etmesine de hak veriyorum, itirazlarını gayet bu şarkıyla yapabilir.
rolling stone tarafından yapılan "2010'un en iyi 50 şarkısı" listesinin 1 numarasına oturmuş kanye west & pusha t şaheseri. "let's have a toast for the douchebags, let's have a toast for the assholes, let's have a toast for the scumbags, every one of them that i know"
jamiroquai'in "high times - singles 1992-2006" albümünde yer alan, teknik hicbir yoruma yer birakmayacak kallitede, harikulade parca. live from abbey road, olmeden once izlenecek onemli videolardan biridir ayrica.sesi olabildigince yukseltin.dance dance dance... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzyj3wxhjr4
jamiroquai'a ait olanı almış götürmüş bir şarkıdır. bon jovi'ye olanı ayrı bir şekilde iyi olan şarkıdır. kanye west'e ait olanı şu anki müzik kalitesinin çok üstünde bir şarkıdır. çoğu muhteşem şarkının ismidir bir bakıma runaway.
i'm not dead albümünden muhteşem bir pink parçası. en az who knew kadar güzel. sözlerini vermemek olmaz elbette.* i've got my things packed my favorite pillow got my sleeping bag climb out the window all the pictures and pain i've left behind all the freedom and fame i've gotta find and i wonder how long it'll take them to notice that i'm gone and i wonder how far it'll take me to run away it don't make any sense to me run away this life makes no sense to me run away it don't make any sense to me run away it don't make any sense to me i was just trying to be myself you go your way, i'll meet you in hell all these secrets that i shouldn't tell i've got to run away it's hypocritical of you do as you say not as you do i'll never be your perfect girl i've got to run away i'm too young to be taken seriously but i'm too old to believe all this hypocrisy and i wonder how long it'll take them to see my bed is made and i wonder if i was a mistake i might have nowhere left to go but i know that i cannot go home these voices trapped inside my head tell me to run before i'm dead chase the rainbows in my mind and i will try to stay alive maybe the world will know my name god won't you help me run away! run away it don't make any sense to me run away this life makes no sense to me run away i could sing for change on a paris street be a red light dancer in new orleans i could start again choose a family i could change my name come and go as i please in the dead of night you'll wonder where i've gone wasn't it you wasn't it you wasn't it you that made me run away i was just trying to be myself you go your way i'll meet you in hell all these secrets that i shouldn't tell i've got to run away it's hypocritical of you do as you say not as you do i'll never be your perfect girl i've got to run away life don't make any sense to me run away this life makes no sense to me run away life don't any sense to me run away life don't make any sense to me this life makes no sense to me it don't make any sense to me it don't make any sense to me life don't make any sense to me
piyano sen ne büyülü sen ne yüce bir aletsin yareppim. şarkının o ilk piyano notalarına vuruldum duyar duymaz. sonra üzerine dubuvvsss diye giren baslarına, daha girişte. nakarata gelince dedim tamam, olmuş bu şarkı. "douchebag" ve "scumbag" söylemesi ne kadar zevkli kelimeler bu arada. tüm bunlar aynı adlı kısa filmi hayran hayran izlerken oldu, öyle ağzım açık ayran budalası gibi izledim filmi çok hoşuma gitti, en sevdiğim sahnesi de o yemek sahnesi ve ardından gelen piyano ve dansçı kızlar oldu. çok şık, çok başarılı bir albüm tanıtımı olmuş bu ya, leziz tek kelimeyle. şarkının da filmden kesilen videosunda "assholes" kısmını sansürlemeleri çok saçma, onca laf arasında ona mı takıldınız allasen diyor insan. ha bir de albüm versiyonunda güzelim şarkıyı 6. dakkadan sonra gereksiz yere uzatıp kulak tırmalayacak hale getirmişin ya kanye sana laflar hazırladım. video versiyonu bu kadar muhteşem olan bi şarkıyı albüm versiyonunda anca bu kadar katledebilirdin, neyse ki güzel şarkıların var o yüzden katlanıyoruz sana ve o koca kafandan da büyük egona, bunu da bil yani. yukarda film halini verdiğim linkin sadece bu şarkılık video versiyonu: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm5ia4zupek
jamiroquai şarkısı olan runaway tam anlamıyla bir bass şaheseridir. ara ara ortaya çıkan o slapler şarkının lokomotifi gibidir. zaten jay kay in bizzat sesi slap gibi bence. keskin ve tiz.
"oooooooooooh she's a little runaway! daddy's girl learned fast all those things he couldn't say" şeklinde pek akılda kalıcı bir nakarata sahip olan bon jovi şarkısı. ayrıca, 7 gün 20 saat 55 dakika sonra canlı dinleyeceğimdir. *
2009 yılında çıkardıkları 3. stüdyo albümleri it's blitz'in 7. parçası. prodüktörü: nick launay pianoda: greg kurstin çelloda: jane scarpantoni bateride: brian chase ve vokal: karen o. yeah yeah yeahs'in değil, muhtemelen 2000'den sonra yani 21. yy'da yapılmış en iyi çalışmadır. sevgileden ayrıldıktan sonra ona yakılan bir ağıt gibidir.
8 temmuz 2011 bon jovi istanbul konserinde çalınmayan şarkı!
30 yıl önce, 30 yıl sonra, 30 kez fark etmiyorsa, gerçek müzik demektir. dün gece canlı dinlemek kısmet olmadı ama bir gece mutlaka dinleyeceğiz. tanım: bir müzik grubum olsaydı, çıkış parçam olmasını isterdim ama bu dünya'da bir tek bon jovi var.
michael crichtonun 80lerin baslarinda sci-fi yonetmenlik denemelerinden bir tanesi ( otekisi icin (bkz: looker)). bu filmin ilginc bir ozelligi ise, 80lerde vhs betamax her kasedin basina koyduklari 5 dakikalik fragmani yuzunden insana filmi bastan sona izlemislik hissi vermesiydi. homing bullet sekansini istediginize izletin, ya galiba izledim ben bu filmi diyecektir.
yeah yeah yeahs'in down boydan sonra içimde bir yere dokunan ikinci şarkısıdır.
yeah yeah yeahs'den bir defa dinlemenin yeterli olduğu şarkıdır. direk vurup kırıp geçirir. zaman ya da tekrara gerek yok.
müzik dünyasında tonla runaway var. öyle ki, her şarkıcı / grubun bir runaway'i varmış gibime geliyor. içlerinden en sevdiğim üç tanesiyle ilgili bir şeyler karaladım. - del shannon'un 1961 çıkışlı runaway'i bir rock and roll efsanesidir. shannon'ın producing maymunluklarına ihtiyaç duymadan falsetto'yu ne kadar etkili bir silah olarak kullanabildiğine dikkati çekerim. bunu ördek vaklamasına benzeten tipler çıksa da ölü taklidi yapınız, giderler. shannon "and i wonder where she will stay..." diyerek biricik kaçağı için endişelenirken, onun bu çaresizliğine kayıtsız kalmak mümkün müdür hiç? bir süre sonra dinleyen de empatik bir telaşa kapılır, ruhunun küçük bir parçasını böylesine enfes bir şarkının yazılmasına vesile olan o kadını bulma arzusuna teslim eder. bunu yapmak için de havanın soğukluğuna aldırış etmeden, umutsuzca ve nefesi tükenene dek, sokak sokak koşturası gelir. tevekkeli değil, runaway soğuk bir ocak gününde yazılmıştır. - ladytron'un runaway'inin velocifero'yu sırtlayan şarkılardan birisi. zaten albümden çıkan ikinci single idi zamanında. sözlükte hakkında bir-iki satır karalanmasını hak eden bir şarkı bu. çoğu ladytron şarkısı gibi oldukça catchy bir riff üzerine yazılmış, helen marnie'nin seksi & soğuk vokalleriyle bezenmiş ve asla can sıkmayan bir tekdüzelikte ilerliyor. ladytron'dan hoşlanıyorsanız bu şarkıya bayılmama şansınız yok. hayatımdaki bir döneme damgasını vurmuş bir grubun aynı nitelikteki şarkılarından birisi. içimi cız ettiriyor dinleyince. - the national'ın runaway'i mükemmel bir albümün* doruk noktalarından birisi, ancak sözlükten yine asgari derecede ilgi görebilmiş. oldukça duygulu bir şarkı; zaten the national'ın farklı bir şey yapması düşünülebilir mi? sözlerini birçok yöne çekmek mümkün olsa da, onları her iki tarafı da yıpratmaya başlamış bir ilişkinin devam edebileceğine dair umudunu kaybetmeyen ve bu umudu karşı tarafa da aşılamaya çalışan bir adamın ağzından dinlemek, aklıma en yatanı oldu şimdilik.
leziz bir spirogyra şarkısıdır. run, run, run, runaway today's a holiday today we needn't worry about the clothes we wear no more ‘geog' on the old school bog no cracks about our hair janitor giles, you cannot see me janitor giles, it's great to be free hide, hide, hide, hide away today it's truant we play dodgy school inspectors will not suspect we're here no more french on the old school bench no clouts behind our ears janitor giles, you cannot see me janitor giles, it's great to be free but life is what you make it and you missed school today good old smithy and his pals what keeps them away we're going round we dare not make a sound to the house of my best friend to a shed that he has found and oh you'll have to gasp as he takes out and shows to you the photograph takes out and shows to you the photograph what the picture shows is awfully clear to me my friends older than i fest their eyes so greedily but i shall run away and go upstairs and play with my model railway what goes on at night when there is no-one else around is the strangest part of growing up that i've yet found though what the doe and rabbit did today at school was real it failed to answer questions about the way i feel maybe i'm a queer? it could be by tomorrow the answers will be found in these pages of a magazine the vicars left around and late into the night we will wonder if the dialog was right we will wonder if the dialog was right wonder if my parents worry about this kind of thing or am i artificial, has my dad lost his sting? a lovely girl lives up the road she's much older than i i'd really like to know her give the whole theory a try to see if it is real to see just how it feels hush now the boy is sleeping and we don't want him to wake him until the morning he's got a hard day to take at the school that he hates and so let's leave him dreaming until the morning sun shines through his window let's leave him dreaming until the morning let's leave him dreaming
yeah yeah yeahs'a ait olanın sözleri şu şekildedir: i was feeling sad can't help looking back highways flew by run, run away no sense of time want you to stay want keep you inside run, run, run away lost, lost, lost my mind want you to stay want you to be my prize i was feeling sad can't help looking back highways flew by run, run away no sense of time like you to stay want to keep you inside all along, not so strong without these open arms. hold on tight. all along, not that strong without these open arms. lie beside. all along, not so strong without these open arms. ride beside. run, run, run away lost, lost, lost my mind like you to stay want you to be my prize
(bkz: runaway love)
nakaratı ayrı bir güzel del shanon parçası. ezgisi hemen tanıdık gelecektir.
james cameron'in kariyerinde the terminator neyse bon jovi'nin kariyerinde de runaway odur.
del shannon'un söylediği şarkıyı radyo odtü'deki ofis kaçkını programının radyoda dönen reklamlarında dinleyebilirsiniz. ufak bir kısmını tabi ki.
yeah yeah yeahs'in hem sözleri hem de melodisi mükemmel şarkısı, ne zaman dinlesem tüylerimi diken diken eder. şarkıda böyle çözemediğim mistik bir hava var. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7egipsga2is
bu sabah radyo eksen sayesinde tanıştığım ve eve geldiğimden beri defalarca dinlediğim, eşlik etmesi çok zevkli del shannon şarkısı.
yeah yeah yeahs'in ilk dinlediğim andan itibaren beni çok etkileyen harikulade eseri. hele bi de youtube'da gia filminin görüntülerinden olusan bir videosu var ki daha bi etkileyici. izleyiniz.
ladytron olanının sözleri şöyledir: every new day that you start plans the minute you're flagging your heart, heart where you waking up today my little runaway? every red eye that you cross makes the next feel serious where you waking up today my little runaway? my little runaway my little runaway my little runaway every silver shell that you crush will be enough where you gonna sleep today my little runaway? when you feel like everyone wants to kill the unicorn where you waking up today my little runaway? my little runaway my little runaway my little runaway
kalbimizi groove is in the heart ile kazanan deee lite ın rezil şarkısı. o kadar da beklentiye girmiştik, böyle osuruktan bir şarkıyla geri dönmüşlerdi.
(bkz: the national) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fswncc0alm4
bonjovi'nin sukela sarkilarindandir. 1982 cikislidir.
maroon 5'a ait guzide bir parcadir kendisi. what am ı supposed to do with this time? ıt tears so many holes, ı stay afloat but ı'm feel out of control, so petrified ı'm petrified what am ı supposed to do to get by? did ı lose everything ı need to survive? 'cause it's four am and the sweat sets in did you get my message, did it send? or did you just get on with your life? ı'm taking time to thinking ı don't think it's fair for us to turn around and say goodbye ı have this feeling when ı finally find the words to say but ı can't tell you if you turn around and run away, run away what am ı supposed to do with these clothes? ıt's my twisted way of keep you close ı'm a nervous wreck, ı'm a broken man did you get my message, did it send? or do you get along on your own? ı'm taking time to thinking ı don't think it's fair for us to turn around and say goodbye ı have this feeling when ı finally find the words to say but ı can't tell you if you turn around and run away, run away and it breaks me down when ı see your face you look so different but you feel the same and ı do not understand, ı cannot comprehend the chills your body sends, why did it have to end? ı'm taking time to thinking ı don't think it's fair for us to turn around and say goodbye ı have this feeling that ı finally find the words to say but ı can't tell you if you turn around and run away, run away ı'm taking time to thinking ı don't think it's fair for us to turn around and say goodbye and ı have this feeling that ı finally find the words to say but ı can't tell you if you turn around and run away, run away runaway, runaway turn around and run away, run away runaway, runaway but ı can't tell you if you run away, run away turn around and run away
