jackson browne'nın bir albümünün ve de albüme adını veren parçasının adı. zamanında top 40 listelerine girmiş bu parçanın sözlerini sizlere sunuyorum. looking out at the road rushing under my wheels looking back at the years gone by like so many summer fields in sixty-five i was seventeen and running up one-o-one i don't know where i'm running now, i'm just running on running on - running on empty running on - running blind running on - running into the sun but i'm running behind gotta do what you can just to keep your love alive trying not to confuse it with what you do to survive in sixty-nine i was twenty-one and i called the road my own i don't know when that road turned onto the road i'm on running on - running on empty running on - running blind running on - running into the sun but i'm running behind everyone i know, everywhere i go people need some reason to believe i don't know about anyone but me if it takes all night, that'll be all right if i can get you to smile before i leave looking out at the road rushing under my wheels i don't know how to tell you all just how crazy this life feels i look around for the friends that i used to turn to to pull me through looking into their eyes i see them running too running on - running on empty running on - running blind running on - running into the sun but i'm running behind honey you really tempt me you know the way you look so kind i'd love to stick around but i'm running behind you know i don't even know what i'm hoping to find running into the sun but i'm running behind
the woundedin atlantic adlı albümünün 3. şarkısı biraz the gathering havası vermekte sözleri ise looking at the face of a child who had died so young. i'll be shooting on the killers that i want to become undone. that my soul will be the reflection of all that i have done. yet i'll be grateful standing in the line with a shotgun. i'm sorry but i think that my sense is running away. looking at the animals brutalised day by day. i'll be here in my head fleeing from the world again cutting in the faces of the ones who have wronged again. there was a man at the top with the devil that was kissing his face. with the world at his feet he will be spitting on the graves of peace. with blood on his hands and a hole in his blackened soul. i'm afraid that he will be weak enough to handle the gun once for once more. i run away. i'll keep on running. away from here.
river phoenix'in piyanist olma sevdasıyla geçen bir filmi. river burda julliard'ı kazanmaya çalışır. güzel filmdir
1988 tarihli christine lahti, river phoenix, judd hirsch ve martha plimpton'ın rol aldığı sidney lumet'in yönettiği film. savaş karşıtı karı koca bir napalm laboratuvarını bombaladıktan sonra kaçak hayatı yaşamaya başlar. büyük oğulları üniversite çağına gelmiş, son taşındıkları kasabada bir de sevgili bulmuştur. derken oldukça iyi piyano çalan oğlan müzik hocasının yeteneğini görmesiyle julliard'a girme şansı elde eder. baba aileyi dağıtmak istemez, anne oğlunu geleceğinden mahrum etmek istemez.. oğlan sevdiği kızla ailesi arasında kalır fln. güzel konulu, güzel oyunculuklarla bezeli bir film işte... river phoenix acı verici güzelliktedir bu filmde... ağlayınca daha beter ediyor insanı. moviemax'lerde ard arda izledim de, ah ulan ne kayıptır bu çocuk, ne büyük kayıptır be!
river phoenix'in aşık olduğu kıza neden yalan söylemek zorunda kaldığını anlattığı bir sahne vardır ki... gerçekten lezzetli bir oyunculuk izlediğimiz bir film.
(bkz: fire and rain)
(bkz: flying on empty)
