no doubtdan rock steady albümünden dım dım dım dım tarzındaki girişiyle sizi de şarkı söylemeye iten miskin mod şarkılarından. run, running all the time running to the future with you right by my side me, i'm the one you chose out of all the people you wanted me the most and i'm so sorry that i've fallen help me up, let's keep on running don't let me fall out of love running, running as fast as we can do you think we'll make it? do you think we'll make it? we're running, keep holding my hand so we don't get separated be, be the one i need be the one i trust most don't stop inspiring me sometimes it's hard to keep on running we work so much to keep it going don't make me want to give up running, running as fast as we can i really hope we make it do you think we'll make it? we're running, keep holding my hand so we don't get separated running as fast as we can i really hope we make it do you think we'll make it? we're running, keep holding my hand so we don't get separated the future running, running as fast as we can do you think we'll make it? do you think we'll make it? we're running, keep holding my hand so we don't get separated running as fast as we can i really hope we make it do you think we'll make it? we're running, running, keep holding my hand so we don't get separated
no doubt' ın insanın içini bööyle böööyle yapan bir şarkısı. sıcak, yumuşak, huzur veren bir şarkı. şarkının başındaki ve içindeki basit sintısayzır sesleri mini casio orgarı ve depeche mode' un ilk yıllarını hatırlatıyor.
klibi konser ve gençlik görüntülerinden derlenerek yapılmış. dont speakde ki haliyle görmeye alışkın olduğumuz, kırmızı rujlu, sarışın bir gwen stefani görüyoruz yine. şarkı dinlendirici ve yaz günlerini anımsatıyor.
sözleri şu anki durumuma çok uygun olan, beni 5 dakikadır ağlatan şarkı...
kötü bir anımda ağlamama neden olan,garip duygular hissetmeme neden olan şarkı.
(bkz: running free)
311'in keyifli şarkılarından. transistor albümünden.
arka planinda 80ler atari oyunu ses efekti tipi sesler olan garip sarki.
herhangi bir şeyi download ederken görünce insanı mutlu eden yazı
rölöve alırken kullanılan ölçü tekniğidir. mimari proje ölçülendirmesi gibi boşluk ve dolulukları tek tek değilde toplayarak yazarsınız. pencereleri bulunan bir duvar ölçtüğümüzü var sayarsak duvardan pencereye kadar 60cm ise pencerenin genişliği de 1m ise pencer sonuna geldiğinizde yazacağınız ölçü 160 dır. ölçmede hız çizimde kolaylık sağlar hata oranını düşürür. iyidir hoştur
ing. ko$ma...
bir morandi şarkısı. .....(running)......alone. waiting........(waiting).....for you to come home when you're ariving down in my head you are running i look into the sky and i see you smiling. i've got thoughts in my head and shivers in my body i get a feeling that happens to mine i gotta go where the hell is frozen like my heart... i'm going back in time.....i'm running for you tonight sometimes i feel like i will never lose this tension, you are my everything, i'm lost without direction your love is gone i'm loosing you with all faith away everyday running,running alone. waiting, (waiting) for you to come home crying, (crying) smiling (smiling) alone waiting, (waiting) for you to come home
bir evermore sarkisi. too many words, too many lies i can't quite see the truth when i look into your eyes i feel i could and i know i should step away, turn around let my feet hit the ground running running running running you don't need a broken heart to know a heart can be broken you just need to open your eyes we don't need to be decieved to know a lie can be spoken we don't have to learn everything twice i don't know, i really don't know if this castle in the sand is strong enough to stand clouds come down clouds come down i feel i could and i know i should step away, turn around let my feet hit the ground running running running running you don't need a broken heart to know a heart can be broken you just need to open your eyes we don't need to be decieved to know a lie can be spoken we don't have to learn everything twice cos i know how it feels all the pain is so real cos you sink and you drown 'till your feet hit the ground running running running running cos you don't need a broken heart to know a heart can be broken you just need to open your eyes and we don't need a tv show to show us which way to go we just need to do what we know
dinlemediyseniz şiddetle önereceğim, sizi ilişkinizin, dostluğunuzun, kardeşliğinizin en güzel/acı/engebeli anlarına götüren, başaracakmıyız ulan, yoksa silinip gidecekmiyiz dedirten -özellikle sevgili için- söylenebilecek, istenebilecek herşeyi, en yalın halde söyleyen şarkı. düştüm ama kaldır beni, sevgisiz bırakma, ellerimizi bırakmayalım,en sevdiğim,en güvendiğim ol diyor, belki de biraz kaybetme korkusu içeriyor. henüz dinlemeyenler için: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-mntn84nyk
melodisi neşeli gibi gelsede ilk başta aslında insanı anında içine alıp götüren bir hüzne sahiptir. me, i'm the one you chose out of all the people you wanted me the most and i'm so sorry that i've fallen help me up, let's keep on running don't let me fall out of love gerçekten de oydu dedirtiyor insana, diğer tüm insanların içinden beni en çok isteyen oydu. öyleyse neden üzüyoruz birbirimizi, koşmaya devam, elimi bırakma ki düşmeyeyim.
sessiz sakin gişatı olmasına rağmen yıkım gücü kesinlikle çok fazla olan no doubt şarkısı.
sarah brightman'in symphony albumundeki 13 numarali ve son sarki. i was sad and i was silent in shadow of my soul ever seeking the horizon for promises untold. i dream of silent oceans and i sing of waters blue with the crossing of angels brought forth to guide me through to a distant shore so welcoming where i was free to roam in a land of ancient mystery that i could call my own [chorus:] this is me and you and we are running to change the world where hope is shining through gaia's green and blue and we are running to save the world that we're about to lose we'll be running watch it coming green is shining through love is rising worlds colliding green is shining through [repeat chorus] can you hear the distant beating of passion born of old reaching out to far horizons of prophecy untold i will wander through the desert i will seek you in my hand in the silence of shadows in palaces of sand then a voice called from the wilderness whose spirit held the key to a world and soul united forever strong and free
bir everon sarkisi album icin; (bkz: north) days feel like minutes a lifetime is rushing by you are moving in circles it seems you're going nowhere keep moving, keep moving at night you can't find sleep and your headaches don't go away always giving your best knowing it won't be near enough keep moving, keep moving always keep moving or be removed so what is that mission we're on and when did i sign in is there anything in it for me at all still lies the ocean wide and i hear it's calling me to a place beyond wrong and right where the sky meets the sea there's a deadline approaching your tax statement's overdue an invoice unsettled and too many bills to be paid keep pushing, keep pushing there's a loan from the bank a sales-target out of reach a project waiting in the pipeline and another one unfinished still keep pushing, keep pushing always keep pushing or be pushed around so what is that mission we're on and when did i sign in is there anything in it for me at all still lies the ocean wide and i hear it's calling me to a place beyond wrong and right where the sky meets the sea still lies the ocean deep such grace never met the eye a whole world in peaceful sleep under a star covered sky it's a rat race we're in and this game that we play has no winner, just losers or total refusers that just break away all your friends feel neglected and your wife says that you don't care and they all have a point but there is a job to be done keep running, keep running always keep running until your time has run out so what is that mission we're on and when did i sign in is there anything in it for me at all still lies the ocean wide and i hear it's calling me to a place beyond wrong and right where the sky meets the sea still lies the ocean deep such grace never met the eye a whole world in peaceful sleep under a star covered sky
birlikte koşanların şarkısı.
çok arkada kalmış ama aslında çok güzel bir buruk iamx şarkısı. you sing for me my friend, brave and confident, and there is comfort between your breaths, and i use sense to help. but when the days beneath me, scream into my present, i must always run the race on my own. your warmth is in my bed, your voice above the stairs, and then the touching that comes regret, becomes my mercy chair. even when the sun is burning, saving graces, i must always run the race on my own. oh the sinking and the scent, of every saving word. and the destruction of all convention, and all corrupted thought. dig their nails into my art and instinct shows, i must always run the race on my own. i must always run the race on my own. i must always run the race on my own.
ultra roket bir chase & status şarkısı.
yola çıktığın kişiyle ne olursa olsun birlikte koşmalısın mottolu naif ve leziz no doubt şarkısı.
jessie ware'in ilk albümü devotion'un en dikkat çeken parçalarından biri, modern r&b hiti. disclosure remix'i ise yılın en iyi düzenlemelerinden biridir. sözleri*: your words alone could drive me to a thousand tears all the same words that kept me here for all the years i’m lost again, it’s happening when you’re around i just go weak all i wanna know, is it mutual then i never want to leave then i’m ready to run, ready to fall think i’m ready to lose it all and i’m ready to run, ready to fall think i’m ready to lose it all keep me running, you keep me running keep me running, you keep me running keep me running, you keep me running keep me running, you keep me running you keep me.. keep me running oooh.. ohh, would you hold my hand like the air was so gently here never give up, never give up ohh, would you pull me close so nobody knows we’re there no one can find us i’m lost again, it’s happening when you’re around i just go weak all i wanna know, is it mutual then i never want to leave then i’m ready to run, ready to fall think i’m ready to lose it all and i’m ready to run, ready to fall think i’m ready to lose it all keep me running, you keep me running keep me running, you keep me running keep me running, you keep me running keep me running, you keep me running you keep me.. keep me running keep me running keep me running and i’m lost again, it keeps happening but when i’m around you, when i’m around you i just go weak all i wanna know, is it mutual am i ready to run, am i ready to fall i think i’m ready just to lose it all keep me running, you keep me running keep me running, you keep me running keep me running, you keep me running keep me running, you keep me running you keep me running never give up, never give up keep me running, you keep me running keep me running, you keep me running keep me running, you keep me running keep me running, you keep me running you keep me..
