blue flashing light adli sarkinin adini bes dakika oncesine kadar sandigim sey. ama bu isimle isteyince de veriyorlar napster'da, audiogalaxy'de.
atesi olan gece. (bkz: john travolta)
saturday night live ve saturday night fever versiyonlari mevcuttur..
bi donem bu isimle bi euro dance sarkisi gelmisti.cok eglendirmisti, gitmisti.
def leppard'in "high'n dry" albumunden bir sarkisi saturday night(high'n dry) olarak gecer
ingilizce "cumartesi gecesi"
another saturday night . eglenceli cat stevens parcasi .
the cure un super $arkisi
tam adi 10:15 at saturday night olan the cure $arkisi. super bi tarafini goremedigim the cure $arkisi. (bkz: three imaginary boys)
misfits şarkısı there's 52 ways to murder anyone one and two are the same, and they both work as well i'm coming clean for amy, julie doesn't scream as well and the cops won't listen all night so maybe, maybe i'll be over just as soon as i fill them all in and i can't remember when i saw her last we were running all around and having a blast but the back seat of the drive-in is so lonely without you i know when youre home i was thinking about you, there was was something i forgot to say i was crying on a saturday night i was out cruising without you, they were playing our song crying on saturday night as the moon becomes the night time you go viciously, quietly away i'm sitting in the bedroom, where we used to sit and smoke cigarettes now i'm watching, watching you die and i can't remember when i saw her last we were running all around and having a blast but the back seat of the drive-in 's so lonely without you i know when you're home i was thinking about you, there was was something i forgot to say i was crying on a saturday night i was out cruising without you, they were playing our song crying on saturday night
saturday night i feel the air is getting hot like you baby i'll make you mine you know i'll take you to the top i'll drive you crazy saturday night dance, i like the way you move pretty baby da da da dum da dee da dee da da da be my baby şeklinde sözleri olan 1994 civarlarında piyasa olmuş bi dance parçası. whigfield diye bi hatun söylerdi.
ayni zamanda guzel bir suede sarkisi. illaki sozlerini de yazicam : today she's been working, she's been talking, she's been smoking, but it'll be alright, cos tonight we'll go dancing, we'll go laughing, we'll get car sick, and it'll be okay like everyone says, it'll be alright and ever so nice, we're going out tonight, out and about tonight. oh, whatever makes her happy on a saturday night, oh whatever makes her happy, whatever makes it alright. today she's been sat there, sat there in a black chair, office furniture, but it'll be alright, cos tonight we'll go drinking we'll do silly things, and never let the winter in, and it'll be okay like everyone says, it'll be alright and ever so nice, we're going out tonight, out and about tonight. oh, whatever makes her happy on a saturday night, oh, whatever makes her happy, whatever makes it alright. ...we'll go to peepshows and freak shows, we'll go to discos, casinos, we'll go where people go and let go... ...oh whatever makes her happy...
(bkz: some day ill be saturday night)
misfits in famous monsters adlı albümündeki8. parça.diğer şarkılara göre apayrı bir havası olan.insanın içine muhteşem bir mutluluk veren parça.yanılmıyorsam albumun en uzun parçası.
cogu insanda cumartesi gecesi mutlaka birsey yapmak gibi bir dusunce vardir.hatta bu dusunce boyutunu a$ip "zorunluluk" haline gelmistir.cumartesi gecesi evde sakin sakin oturmak isterseniz, biranda garip bir mahluk durumuna du$ersiniz alemde. "dogumgunu kutlamamak" gibi birseydir bu da.
(bkz: saturday night and sunday morning)
bir suede singlei olmakla birlikte şu b side'ları içerir. (bkz: wsd) (bkz: jumble sale mums) (bkz: this time)
cumartesi gecesinin anlam ve ehemmiyetine dikkat çeken the underdog project şarkısı oohh oh baby.. every wicked minute, i sit here thinkin´ of you i can´t wait 2 get in it, i´m waitin´ for the week to be trough saturday is the only day i wake up thinkin´ bout cuz any other day is just another day no doubt cuz everytime i think about you thoughts go trough my mind and everybody is working for the weekend everything is on my mind on saturday night do knock out all my fellows with their hunneysz by my side the dj plays a record till it hits the morning light and everythings gonna be ok, cuz it´s a saturday ain´t thinkin bout monday or thuesday or wednesday it´s allright ain´t thinkin bout thursday or friday cuz tonight it´s saturday night every wicked hour, i think about just you right by my side and i can´t wait much longer, wanna show you how i feel for you tonight saturday is the only day i wake up thinkin´ bout cuz any other day is just another day no doubt cuz everytime i think about you thoughts go trough my mind and everybody is working for the weekend everything is on my mind on saturday night do knock out all my fellows with their hunneysz by my side the dj plays a record till it hits the morning light and everythings gonna be ok, cuz it´s a saturday everything is on my mind on saturday night do knock out all my fellows with their hunneysz by my side the dj plays a record till it hits the morning light and everythings gonna be ok, cuz it´s a saturday ain´t thinkin bout monday or thuesday or wednesday it´s allright ain´t thinkin bout thursday or friday cuz tonight it´s saturday night saturday is the only day i wake up thinkin´ bout cuz any other day is just another day no doubt cuz everytime i think about you thoughts go trough my mind and everybody is working for the weekend everything is on my mind on saturday night do knock out all my fellows with their hunneysz by my side the dj plays a record till it hits the morning light and everythings gonna be ok, cuz it´s a saturday ain´t thinkin bout monday or thuesday or wednesday it´s allright ain´t thinkin bout thursday or friday cuz tonight it´s saturday night everything is on my mind on saturday night do knock out all my fellows with their hunneysz by my side the dj plays a record till it hits the morning light and everythings gonna be ok, cuz it´s a saturday
suedein rock n cokeda* kendisini icra etmeden sahneden inmesi üzerine, biste çalınacağına emin olunup rahatlatmış, huşu unsuru.
schoolly d'nin ilk albümü 1987 çıkışlı gangster rap klasiği saturday night the album'den çıkan sert rhyme'lı ama hoş melodili şarkısı. sözleri: it was saturday night and i'm feelin kinda sporty went to a bar and caught me a 40 got kinda a high and a...kinda drunk so i kicked the ass of this little punk forgot my key and had to ring my bell my momma came dressed, she said, 'who the hell?' wait momma, wait, it's me ya little son before i knew it my mom pulled a gun 'i know who you are, but who the hell is that?' i turned around man, this bitch was fat i really don't know, she got into the car i musta picked her up when i left the bar ya know i'm horny homey man i wanted to chill but you know how mothers are, she wanted to ill so i said, 'hey baby is you on the pill? 'cause, tonight i wanna be your lover just one thing: i forgot to buy a rubber' wait a little while then we snuk upstairs step by step with a hint of fear we got into my room, bitch started to scream momma busted in with a f**ked up scene shirt ripped off, drawers down to my knees wait momma, wait momma, wait, wait, please! put back your gun, put down your brew my mom f**ked up the room the bitch jumped up with no respect i had to put the big, big bitch in check i said, 'ya come a little closer and ya will get shot, i'm sober anyway, i don't need no cock.' oh yeah, them wild saturday nights it was saturday night and i was feelin kinda funny gold around my neck, pockets full of money went to the corner, man who did i see? but the super bad bitch lookin back at me i said, 'fly lady man, you got a big butt' bitch turned around, all she said was, 'what?' i said, 'my name is schoolly baby, i'm down with the shores' before i knew it up came my boys noisy as hell and drunk as shit sayin, 'yo schoolly schooll, what time is it?' looked a little closer and i knew it was gag what i thought was a girl was nothin but a fag everybody rappin but they don't know how shoulda seen the boy rappin to the cow he rapped so hard that the nigga saw smoke he lit up his cheeba and they both took a toke the cow got high and the boy got by just don't come in my face and ask me why cheeba cheeba ya'll yeah it's that cheeba cheeba makin 'em feel like that cheeba cheeba ya'll some call it cheeba, some call it weed it's the killer, it's the filler, it's the thing that you need little miss muffet sat on a tuffet smokin a j and scratchin' the itch along came a spider and sat down beside her and said, 'yo, what's up with that, bitch?' but then down the road came mary and her lambs smokin' a lacy in each and every hand the poor little spider, he couldn't score any they were 2 dollar bitches and he only had a penny cheeba cheeba ya'll yeah cheeba cheeba ya'll let me tell ya a little tale about peter the pimp sucka mced, tried to cop a limp rode around town in a couple of cars got gagged by the man tryin to stick up a bar the judge said, 'boy, what was on your mind?' he said, 'i had some cheeba cheeba, cocaine and some wine.' the judge said, 'boy, relax and have a beer you won't be doin shit for the next ten years.' cheeba cheeba ya'll yeah, it's that cheeba cheeba cheeba cheeba some call it cheeba, some call it weed it's the killer, it's the filler, it's the thing that you need cheeba cheeba ya'll
17 eylül - 15 ekim tarihleri arasında, love is all around isimli wet wet wet şarkısını indirerek ingiltere zirvesinde üç hafta kalan whigfield single'i. ingilizler bu şarkıyı o kadar çok sevdiler ki, yıl sonunda en iyi 50 single'i seçerken, kendisini 2. sıraya yerleştirmekte herhangi bir sakınca görmediler. adada olan biteni idrak edemeyen avustralya o sırada ülkelerinin gururu kylie minogue'e eşlik ederek confide in me diye bağırmakta, amerika ise yine listeleri ele geçiren boy bandlerden biri olan boyz ii men şarkısı i'll make love to you ile yanık sesli zenci mahalle çocuklarıyla birlikte salya sümük ağlamaktaydı. cumartesi gecesini bitiren ve listeyi ele geçiren ise diğer bir boy band olan take that ile sure oldu ingiltere'de. dee dee na na na saturday night, i feel the air is getting hot like you baby i'll make you mine you know i'll take you to the top i'll drive you crazy saturday night, dance i like the way you move pretty baby it's party time and not one minute we can lose be my baby da ba da dan dee dee dee da nee na na na, be my baby da ba da dan dee dee dee da nee na na na, pretty baby saturday night i feel the air is getting hot like you baby i'll make you mine you know i'll take you to the top i'll drive you crazy saturday night, dance i like the way you move pretty baby it's party time and not one minute we can lose be my baby saturday night, dance i like the way you move pretty baby it's party time and not one minute we can lose be my baby - ooh ooh saturday, saturday saturday night saturday night saturday, saturday saturday night saturday night saturday, saturday saturday night saturday night
suedein ne zaman dinlersem dinleyeyim, fazlasıyla hüzünlendiren, mutlu eden, hatırlatan, ağlatan, gülümseten şarkısı.. cumartesilerin gerçekten diğer günlerden farklı, büyük ve anlamlı olduğu... sabahlara kadar dans edip, sarhoş binilen arabalarda ev yolunda giderken söylenen şarkı.. biraz arkadaşlık, biraz istanbul, biraz gece, biraz alkol.. öyle bir şarkı..
eagles grubunun 1973 yılında piyasaya çıkarttığı desperado isimli albimde 9. sırada yer alan parça... sözleri : seems like a dream now, it was so long ago the moon burned so bright and the time went so slow and i swore that i loved her and gave her a ring the bluebird was high on the wing whatever happened to saturday night finding a sweetheart and holding her tight? she said,"tell me, oh, tell me, was i all right?" whatever happened to saturday night? the years brought the railroad it ran by my door now there's boards on the windows and dust on the floor and she passes the time at another man's side and i pass the time with my pride what a tangled web we weave go 'round with circumstance someone show me how to tell the dancer from the dance what ever happened to saturday night? choosin' a friend and loosin' a fight she said,"tell me, oh, tell me, are you alright?" whatever happened to saturday night? whatever happened to saturday night?
aylardir evde gecirdigi bininci cumartesi gecesi oldugunu farkeden insana daha anlamli gelen suede sarkisi..neyse ki haftanin daha guzel gunleri de var..*
deniz kiyisina goturen tanimlanamaz bir giris yapar eagles ve don henley devam eder: “seems like a dream ….” diye… “whatever happened to saturday night?”
misfits'in 60'lardan sıyrılıp, gelmiş gibi duran şarkısı. herkes bunu dinlemeli.
başlarken charlie and the chocolate factory filmindeki oompa loompaları hatırlatan, kaiser chiefs'in employment albümünden güzel bir şarkı. suddenly there's a knock at your head don't let them in because they'll try to take your tv set ha-ha-ha-happiness is a ball in your hand you've got to try and throw this party just as far as you can cre-cre-cre-creosote is pouring out of my brain i swear i heard the floor boards they were creaking your name. get a room, get a head, get a hat we're going to hell anyway lets travel first class come to the city on a saturday night watching the boys on their motorbikes i wanna be like those guys i wanna wear my clothes tight matching jackets and a fistful of notes new sneakers and a fresh pack of smokes ppp-pneumothorax is a word that is long. they're just trying to put the punk back into punctured lung pe-pe-pe-panic over party off party on 'cause we are birds of a feather and you can be the fat one come to the city on a saturday night open your heads like a satellite i wanna see what they see i wanna love you like crazy when cameras are pointing right in your face can see into your room from outer space cut through the city on a saturday night it's not the size of the man in the fight i wanna know what that does i wanna show what matters cause it's the size of the fight in the man that makes the difference and decides who is champ cut through the city on a saturday night cause you and me are we're on the edge of the night come to the city on a saturday night i asked your mother and she said it's alright we're getting married when we're thirty i want to do it on your birthday 'cause i don't wanna waste a moment with you i just wanna dance the whole night through cut through the city on a saturday night cause you and me, we're on the edge of a knife
kaiser chiefs in employment albumunden bir sarki suddenly there's a knock at your head don't let the music come and try and take your tv set ha-ha-ha-happiness is a bowl in your hand you've got to try and blow this party trip as far as you cann cre-cre-cre-creosote is pouring out of my brain and ... crick in your neck get a room, get a head, get a hat we'll come and do the ... where the trouble is at come to the city on a saturday night watching the boys on their motorbikes i wanna be like those guys i wanna wear my clothes tight matching jackets and a fistful of notes new sneakers and a fresh pack of smokes ne-ne-ne-nuerofenmax is a word and a mum they're just trying to put the punk back into punch-a-monk pe-pe-pe-panic over party off party on we are birds of a feather and you can be the fat one come to the city on a saturday night open your heads like a satellite i wanna see what they see i wanna love you like crazy count your ... out of your face can see into your room from outer space come to the city on a saturday night it's not the size of the nine until five i wanna know what that does i wanna show what matters cause it's the size of the fire and man that makes the difference to the size of the sham cut through the city on a saturday night cause you and me are we're on the edge of the night come to the city on a saturday night i asked your mother and she said it's alright we're getting married when we're thirty gonna do it on your birthday cause i don't wanna waste a moment with you i just wanna live the whole night through cut through the city on a saturday night cause you and me are we're on the edge of the night
suede'in kıskandığım şarkısıdır. inatla her dinleyişimde uzaklara bakıp "burdaki she kadar olamadık, ya da bize we diyecek kişiyi bulamadık, diyene de whatever dedirttiremedik. nerde benim telkinim!!" diye asabiyet yapıyorum. sevgili anderson'ın sözleri söyleyişindeki huzur kıskançlıktan çatlamama sebep oluyor.
üstad bobby broom'un 1981 senesinde hit olmuş jazz funk klasiği. ölüyü dirilten groove dalgasıyla favorilerim arasına çoktan girmiştir bile.
noisettes in güzel parçası. buyrun efendim. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4chms51j-nm
kaiser chiefs'in insana kendini kaybettiren inanılmaz güzel şarkısı. kendisi eşliğinde etrafta garip hareketlerle dans etmesi çok eğlencelidir.
kişiyi olduğu yerden 3 metre sıçratabilecek bir borgore şarkısı. (bkz: denemesi bedava)
suede'in söylediğinin klibi piccadilly line üzerindeki holborn metro istasyonunda çekilmiş. güzel şarkı.
sözleri aşağıdaki gibi olan noisettes parçası : i've waited for so long put up with your shenanigans i'm going to take you on and you won't know the half of it i'm gonna put you in your place you've got the queen; i've got the ace i'll light you up and smoke you down and watch the rings go round and round oh, oh, oh oh oh this is woah woah woah woah, woah saturday night saturday night now i don't know what went wrong thought you would get away with it now the band are playing just one song and you shall know the wrath of it you could have said it to my face any time or any place i'll light you up and smoke you down and watch your walls come tumbling down oh, oh, oh oh oh this is woah woah woah woah, woah oh, oh, oh oh oh this is woah woah woah woah, woah saturday night saturday night saturday night saturday night i'm gonna put you in your place you've got the queen; i've got the ace i'll light you up and smoke you down i'll watch you world come crashing down oh, oh, oh oh oh this time it's woah woah woah woah, woah oh, oh, oh oh oh this is woah woah woah woah, woah saturday night saturday night on saturday night saturday night saturday night
