beni serbest bırak'ın inglizcesi. ayrıca (bkz: bırak gitsin donerse senindir)
(bkz: cant get you out of my head)
pennywise land of the free? albümü 11. parçasi sözleri söyledir: life is a lesson you can never learn for free a time keeps on slippin' like a faded memory i got the answers staring right in front of me time heal my soul set me free i stand about face my mission you don't know what you've been missing' there is a reason for all that comes to be my troubled life riddled with dark insanities i need solutions for the pain that surrounds time here's my soul
bir zamanlar bağıra çağıra* söylediğimiz,kahkalarımızın sebebi kim wilde güzelliği,keep me hangin on haykırışı
velvet revolver'dan beklemedigimiz turde, "guns bu kadar axl miymis lan?" dedigimiz sarki. eski guns tarzindan fazla uzaklasmasa da, axlin o cirtlak sesini aratiyor. ayni zamanda hulk filminin soundtrackinde yer almis bir parca.
sozlerin basladigi kismi fena halde it s so easyye benzettigim guzel parca.
the kinks'in en güzel şarkılarından bir tanesi. 1965 yılından. insan dinlemeye doyamıyor. armonik geçişlere ve davullara özellikle dikkat. set me free, little girl. all you gotta do is set me free, little girl. you know you can do it if you try, all you gotta do is set me free, free, free. set me free, little girl. all you gotta do is set me free, little girl. you know you can do it if you try, all you gotta do is set me free, free, free, free. i don't want no one, if i can't have you to myself. i don't need nobody else. so if i can't have you to myself, set me free. set me free. oh set me free, little girl. all you gotta do is set me free, little girl. you know you can do it if you try, all you gotta do is set me free, free, free, free. i don't want no one, if i can't have you to myself. i don't need nobody else. so if i can't have you to myself, set me free. set me free. oh set me free, little girl. all you gotta do is set me free, little girl. you know you can do it if you try, all you gotta do is set me free, free, free. set me free, oh, set me free.
dehşet gaz bi şarkı, gunzlı günleri yad etmek için 1e1..
guns n rosesin en karizmatik hissettiren sarkisi its so easy'i andiran bir sarki alemlerin en karizma vokallerinden scott weiland tarafindan soylenirse nolur sorusuna yanit vermis ve her zaman verecek sarki,subatta cikacak velvet revolver albumunun bu tadda olmasini umuyoruz
(bkz: if you love somebody set them free)
(bkz: unchain my heart)
cem köksalın universal etiketiyle 1 nisan 2004 itibarıyle yayınlanan ilk albümüyle aynı adı taşıyan parçasının adı. "nakarat kısmı daha çok tekrarlansa daha bir hoş olurmuş" dedirten şahane parça.
cem kösal'ın "müzikleriyle ilham kaynağı olan johann sebastian bach, yngwie j. malmsteen(rooock!!), antonio vivaldi, wolfgang amadeus mozart, stochelo rosenberg'a teşekkürler" ettiği ilk albümü; 1. set me free!! 2. blood on blood - intro 3. blood on blood 4. winding road 5. ruthless 6. dreams 7. men made of iron! 8. earthquake part 1 9. earthquake part 2 10. for amadeus 11. violin concerto no 1 in db-minor 12. life
şarkı çok güzel olmuş, yalnız ilk single bu olmayacak, slither olacakmış. (bkz: slither)
(bkz: prime audio soup)
cem köksal parçası olanının sözleri: you’re trying to rule my life but i won’t let you anymore you’re trying to rip my heart but i will take yours much before independence what i’m fighting ever for you’re going to be the last what i’ve been thinking is the war running to the end of my time fighting for freedom and for my pride nobody can hold me here don’t you hear just set me free i’m not afraid, fate’s closing in slander is what i’m dealing with you’re trying to ruin my dreams but i won’t let you anymore you’re trying to see my tears but i will wipe them much before day by day my soul is burning to the core you’re going to be the last you have to beg your cruel lord running to the end of my time fighting for freedom and for my pride nobody can hold me here don’t you hear just set me free i’m not afraid, fate’s closing in slander is what i’m dealing with
contraband albümünde 9. sırada, you got no right'dan hemen önce.
hulk filminin sonunda ortaya çıkan harika velvet revolver şarkısı. film ile de uyum içinde olması ekstra bir haz vermektedir.
(bkz: i'm set free)
scott weiland'in en sevdigi guns sarkisinin it's so easy oldugu dusunulurse aralarindaki benzerlik cok da yadirganmayan fevkalede gaz velvet revolver sarkisi.
kroq konserinde inanılmaz bir performansla icra edilmiş bu velvet revolver şarkısı. çok ama çok güzel...
jam and spoon'un yanlarına rea garvey'i de alarak(sözler de reaya ait) yaptıkları hoş çalışma. piyanonun sesi şarkı ile çok güzel gitmiş, hüznü yanıstıyor. sözleri: don't hold me back, but don't leave won't you set me free empty rooms are surrounding me with colours of light it's too soon, too soon to see if what we had tonight won't disappear, leaving me here in doubt won't disappear, leaving me no way out all i know is if you go you take a part of me all i know is love controls won't you set me free won't you set me free won't you set me free empty rooms are closing in on me i can't find my way out it's too hard, too hard to breathe and still i want to shout don't leave me here, don't disappear tonight don't leave me here, don't take my colours of light cause all i know is if you go you take a part of me all i know is love controls won't you set me free won't you set me free set me free... won't you set me free set me free... won't you set me free please, set me free won't you set me free
bu sozler bir de lacuna coil'in your heaven is a lie turkusunde gecer. set me freeeeeeeeeaa yoooour heaven's a lieeee
velvet revolver'ın oslo/norveç konserindeki görüntüler için: http://www.youtube.com/…nq&search=velvet%20revolver
özellikte girişteki solonun insana gaz verdiği,sözleri leziz olan cem köksal parçası.
velvet revolver parçası olanın sözleri yazılmamış... you operate and motivate on synthetic fuel you're mother nature and an atom bomb as long as you're kept full of pretty bodies your little secret will be safe with me around again insane again it comes again and sets me free [chorus:] so set me free, set me free 'cause i think you need my soul set me free, set me free you're kept alive and polarized with one thing in mind metabolize everything that you see but now and then or a little later now i'm gonna take you down with me around again insane again she comes again and sets me free [chorus x2] so set me free, set me free 'cause i think you need my soul set me free, set me free [bridge x2] so take me down take me, down, down, down, down take me down, take me down [chorus x4] so set me free, set me free 'cause i think you need my soul set me free, set me free my freedom! that's a wrap!
oturup saymaya kalksan en az bi milyon yabancı parcada gecen söz öbegi.allahtan bizim popa uyarlanamıyor.
bryan adams'ın her üç şarkısından birinde muhakkak geçen cümle.
patti smith'in easter albümünde yeralan privelege olarak da bilinen bir şarkısı. iki saattir konuşuyoruz bir kere patti smith demedik. i see it all before me: the days of love and torment; the nights of rock-and-roll. i see it all before me. sometimes my spirit's empty; don't have the will to go on. i wish someone would send me energy. give me something. give me something to give. oh, god, give me something: a reason to live. my body is aching. don't want sympathy. come on. come and love me. come on. set me free. set me free. the lord is my shepherd. i shall not want. he maketh me to lie down in green pastures. he leadeth me beside the still waters. he restoreth my soul. he leadeth me through the path of righteousness for his name's sake. yea, though i walk through the valley of the shadow of death, i will fear no evil, for thou art with me. hey, lord, i'm waitin' for you. oh, god, i'm waitin' for you; waitin' to open your ninety-eight wounds and be thee, be thee. lead me, oh, lead me. leave me something. leave me something to live. oh, god, give me something: a reason to live. i don't want no handout; no, not sympathy. come on. come and love me. come on. set me free. set me free. come on. set me free set me free . . . oh, i'm so young, so goddamn young. oh, i'm so young, so goddamn young. oh, i'm so young, so goddamn. set me free. in the presence of my enemies, thou anointest my head with oil. my cup runneth over. surely, goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life. and i shall dwell in the house of the lord forever. ah, damn, goddamn, goddamn, goddamn. here i am.
saxon grubunun crusader albümünde yer alan versiyonu sweet coverıdır
tırış cem köksal şarkısı yanında idare eder bir chris rea balladıdır ayrıca. auberge albümünden..
hindi zahra şarkısıdır aynı zamanda. rivers of water from my eyes to my chin no consolation i could find in your skin when you came in when you came in please set me free let the fire burn in me please set me free let the love shine in me i tell you please set me free 'cause look what you do to me please set me free i know you'll never be the man i use to know i know you'll never be the man i use to love 'cause with your black eyes and with your wild heart please set me free let the fire burn in me please set me free let the love shine in mme i tell you please set me free 'cause look what you do to me please set me free away from your troubles keep me away away from your troubles now away from your troubles keep me away please set me free let the fire burn in me please set me free let the fire burn in me please set me free let the love shine in me please set me free let the love shine in me please set me free shine, shine, shine, shine don't use me up come on and break those chains and leave me alone baby 'cause you don't know to give me good love and mine is never enough open up the door and let me see what is real life cause i don't wanna let the time pass me by pass me by pass me by
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwdqhktgj4y
ebru'nun çıkardığı ilk single çalışması. sözleri brian holland, lamont dozier, edward holland (bkz: holland dozier holland) tarafından yazılmıştır. set me free, why don't cha babe get out my life, why don't cha babe 'cause you don't really love me you just keep me hangin' on you don't really need me but you keep me hangin' on why do you keep a coming around playing with my heart? why don't you get out of my life and let me make a new start? let me get over you the way you've gotten over me set me free, why don't cha babe let me be, why don't cha babe 'cause you don't really love me you just keep me hangin' on now you don't really want me you just keep me hangin' on you say although we broke up you still wanna be just friends but how can we still be friends when seeing you only breaks my heart again and there ain't nothing i can do about it woo, set me free, why don't cha babe woo, get out my life, why don't cha babe set me free, why don't cha babe get out my life, why don't cha babe you claim you still care for me but your heart and soul needs to be free now that you've got your freedom you wanna still hold on to me you don't want me for yourself so let me find somebody else hey! why don't you be a man about it and set me free now you don't care a thing about me you're just using me go on, get out, get out of my life and let me sleep at night 'cause you don't really love me you just keep me hangin' on...
ebru isimli bir kızımızın seslendirdiği you keep me hangin' oncoverı http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pa3asudzmuc güzel olmuş
ayrıca bir ektomorf şarkısı it´s the land of the hate the frustration is growing i loose control, no hope our father in heaven look at me see the pain see the suffer i cant take this anympore set me free set me free set me free set me free human race it´s a disgrace arrogant fucking fake no respect no regret no shame our father in heaven look at me, see my pain dont let me feel this pain set me free set me free set me free set me free
spacemen 3nin bebeğim sen rahat ol dalgamıza bakalım temalı hayal kurduran şarkısı: set me free let me help you see come on, just let me show you what we could be baby i got the key baby i got the key baby i got the key set me free let me help you see come on, just let me show you what we could be baby i got the key baby i got the key oh honey your eyes it’s a day’s work just to look into them “think it’s gonna end pretty soon”
monotonix'in 2008 tarihli body language albumünde bulunan süper parca. o kadar gaza getiriyor ki, house m.d. s06e05 braveheart isimli bölümünün girisinde de kullanilmisti. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwq2b_ohb7s
