tam gaz primer 55 eseri, introduction to mayhem albumunden.. dinleyelim hemen, oturmayalim yerimizde*. once again it's on and all the kids are lined up pumpin' their fist in the air getting fired up it's all about you it's all about your loyalty keepin it real your part of the family and that's who i am and that's where our heads at all that rockstar ego-shit we ain't about that cause i feel the love and i feel the unity you and me raisin the fuckin' roof so let's fuck up this bitch fuck it up set it off set it off set it off bitch set it off come in to our world i open all your eyes up the word on the street can you feel the heat rise up and see what our troops did i'm telling the truth kid al the hard heads in the pit getting stupid so what should we do is this what you wanna see are you down muthafucka wanna get crazy cause i feel the love and i feel the unity you and me raising the fuckin' roof so let's fuck up this bitch fuck it up set it off set it off set it off bitch set it off life's a gift we all make our choices as one we all bring our forces hey muthafucka i'm talk to you yeah you muthfucka, i'm through fuckin' with you now i don't need that shit and i don't like that shit i flip the script and i re-write that shit sucker mc's hear my spit and they bite that shit i grab the mic and i ignite that shit good times like j.j. all dynomite and shit i don't quit, like a pheonix i take flight and shit oh yeah you fuck with me i'll fight like a pit and shit all over everything you love and all that you hold sacred open up my eyes and see your face the muthfuckin' face of hatred so let's fuck up this bitch fuck it up set it off set it off set it off bitch set it off set it off right
en agresif ve hayvan ritmli şarkılardan,dinlerken yerinizde durmanız pek olası değil,vokal,davul,gitar,her şeyiyle tam not sahibi şarkı,saf hardcore.. (bkz: kafalar kopana kadar headbang) (bkz: en gaz şarkılar)
(bkz: audioslave) he was standing at the rock gathering the fog getting there with no directions and underneath the arch turned into a march and there he found a spot to set this fucker on set if off set it on my children set it right set it off set it off my children allright set it off set it on my children set it fire set it off set it on my children suddenly a shot ripped into his heart he needed some attention and there he played his card going into shock the last thing that he said was set this fucker on set if off set it on my children set it right set it off set it off my children allright set it off set it on my children set it fire set it off set it on my children alright [6x] jesus at the back door everything is alright all we need is some direction everytime the wind blows everything you don't know turns into a revelation it all ends up inside your head time is wasted set if off set it on my children set it right set it off set it off my children allright set it off set it on my children set it fire set it off set it on my children
podnin satellite albümünün açılış parçası... ...... our time has come, watch me set it off it’s been a while but we back so you can count it loss we lay and wait, don’t hesitate when opportunity knocks break the locks and rush the gates seize the day, we got moves to make it’s got to be now cause we’re half past late say what you say, but you ain’t shown me nothin if you want me to feel you then you best to show me something all bark and no bite, talking all hype i hang with the illest you i don’t recognize desensitize and paralyze sabotage headquarters flood your bloodlines, we sterilize here we come chant down dem babylon the wicked man when he sees me i go run me understand why dem cowards don’t want none underground blaze the sound to armageddon chorus x2: rise - let your spirit fly rise- stand up for yourself rise- hold your head up high our time has come set it off choose my battles, unravel your crew dismantle, they still can’t handle or fathom what i throw at ‘em i can’t imagine, they babblin’ acting like i’m laughing, don’t find it funny but i smile at your sarcasm you plastic, so tragic, you fake so you mask it, no gimmicks, no antics we real and we’ve outlasted your phoniness, so you best to come correct you want to disrespect why do cowards talk the loudest papa didn’t raise no punk on everything i love, if you ready then come and get it son overpower the strong tower infiltrate top ranks count down the final hour here we come chant down dem babylon the wicked man when he sees me i go run me understand why dem cowards don’t want none underground blaze the sound to armageddon chorus bridge we made it this far don’t you quit on me chorus
nacizane bir arka mahalle afro-amerikan kızları gang filmidir. kızlarımız felegin sillesini yemiş, canlarına tak etmiş bi şekilde seri banka soygunlarına girişmişlerdir. lakin en son soyulacak bankanın müdürü stony (jada pinkett smith) ablamızın bi zamandır ilişki yürüttüğü yağız genctir. olaylar gelisir.. soundtrack olarak tavsiye edilesi parçalar bulundurur bünyesinde
defalarca seyredilesi bir soygun filmidir.hatunlari teker teker tebrik edesim gelir baska jada pinkett ve vivica a. fox olmak uzere..queen latifah'nin her araba calisinda cd leri camdan firlatisina ve dr. dre'nin bir kac kere gorunmesine ve hepsi birbirinden tassakli bu 4 hatunun performansina tekrar sapka cikarmak ve defalarca daa seyretmek isterim.
shuvel in ilk albümünün adı, aynı zamanda albümün ilk şarkısının adı. e önemli şarkı demek ki. ve işte ayarettin sözleri: turn it up front, i'm turning heads speaking to the corrupt youth, prime time for the bloodshed the impeccable minds embedded with the haze packing funeral beds going out in a blaze with no glory to make the headline story, nationwide on the air homocide without thinking remorse a meek consequence was a bullet for self now the queries begin set it off for the youth gone rat - a - tat, feel the aftermath did you get a good look with each life you took no life for sale, one more tragic tale and what remains of this simple world they push the time to be scared no more i'm watching war on the streets but what the fuck is the cause we're slowly slipping from the place in which we started from just a life jeopardized, through the use of a gun and through the eyes lies thoughts and dreams reality kicks in soon, so make a wish in between you cause yourself to confide in the bullshit time is up the main event can't understand the ways 'cuz in my days, we knuckled 'em up nowadays it's bang-bang shoot 'em up you get dealt with in no time that's real shit now hear the word take a tip from the one not the frame of mind like columbine, i be rhyme with no reason at any time to those beware here to take a stand the final shell just dropped from the gun in my hand the stage is now set was that life for sale so did you get a good look at this life (come on)
´peaches´'in guzel, cok enteresan soundlu ev partisi muzigi tonlu sarkisi. guzel baya. ´sozleri de yaziyim tam olsun´: motherfuckers wanna get with me. lay with me. love with me. all- right. motherfuckers wanna get with me. lay with me. love with me. all- right. motherfuckers wanna get with me. lay with me. love with me. all- right. motherfuckers wanna get with me. lay with me. love with me. all- right. motherfuckers wanna get with me. lay with me. love with me. all- right. motherfuckers wanna get with me. lay with me. love with me. all- right. motherfuckers wanna get with me. lay with me. love with me. all- right. motherfuckers wanna get with me. lay with me. love with me. all- right. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. you know it. you love it. you got it. you want it. you know it. you love it. you got it. you know it. you love it. you want it. you got it. you know it. you love it. you got it. motherfuckers wanna get with me. lay with me. love with me. all- right. motherfuckers wanna get with me. lay with me. love with me. all- right. motherfuckers wanna get with me. lay with me. love with me. all- right. motherfuckers wanna get with me. lay with me. love with me. all- right. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off. c'mon let's set it off.
static x'in start a war albumunun 8. parcasi; wait every hour of every day played light, played hard had to go my way i feel like death wearing a disguise can't catch my breath from all this noise from all this noise i want i want i want i want i want i'm fucking bored give me a new found sensation take it take it take it take it take all the pills i'll try anything to get me off come on come on come on come on kicked in the ass why do you tell me i can't? fake it fake it fake it fake it i cant go on give me anything to set it off set it off i bite your tongue watch with keen eyes i found the gun nervouse excitement go on and touch it you just might like i sip your poison one last time one last time time time time time i want i want i want i want i want i'm fucking bored give me a new found sensation take it take it take it take it take all the pills i'll try anything to get me off come on come on come on come on kicked in the ass why do you tell me i can't? fake it fake it fake it fake it i cant go on give me anything to set it off my confidence is all that's left under this veil i count the minutes i'm growing weaker search for a glimmer pulsating sounds come blaring out you may be right my mind is gone i'll try anything to set this off set it off set it off anything to set it off anything to set it off anything anything anything to set it off.. i want i want i want i want i want i'm fucking bored give me a new found sensation take it take it take it take it take all the pills i'll try anything to get me off come on come on come on come on kicked in the ass why do you tell me i can't? fake it fake it fake it fake it i cant go on give me anything to set it off anything anything anything to set it off.. anything anything anything to set it off..
hatebreed' in madball'dan alıp seslendirdiği çekic gibi bir madball parçasıdır.
şarkının yarısı biraz aşıldıktan sonra her şey susup chris baba kendi kendine bir şeyler söyleyince insanın içini bir huzur bir neşe kaplatan şarkı. çocuklar gibi şenim... tralaylaylay...
bugün kıytırık şarabın eşlikçisi olan static-x şarkısı. nakaratlara özellikle "i want i want i want" ve "take it take it take it" kısımlarına eşlik etmesi çok güzel olan sakin kafayla dinlenmesini önereceğim güzel şarkı.
dennis christopher'ın mükemmel şarkısı, hayatımda dinlediğim en güzel melodilerden ve house şarkılarından biri kendisi. özellikle ian carey remix'i inanılmazdır, kafam güzelken dinlediğim yegane şarkılardan biri. link yenileme: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7fmli7nooy
sabahın 9'undan beridir kafamı kurcalayan ağzımda oynayan audioslave türküsü... dinlemezsem öleceğim biliyorum. korkuyorum... dinlemeliyim... kafayı sıyırtan şarkıdır kısaca.
express yourself' in gazını devam ettiren diplo parçası.
1996 tarihli filmin yönetmeni olan f. gary gray aynı zamanda the negotiator ve law abiding citizen adlı filmlerinde yönetmenidir
