ucuz bir tv filmi, james glickenhaus'un yönettiği ve bir avukatın öyküsünü anlatan mahkeme gerilimlerinden biri...
at night isimli parçası süper olan grup.
tam adi algida mtv shakedown dans yari$masi olan bir organizasyonmu$. http://kurumsal.algida.com.tr/shakedown.htm
(bkz: shakedown street)
(bkz: i dream of turkey)
genelde rallinin startindan 2 gun once yapilan pekistirme testleri. kullanilacak etap ralli organizatorleri tarafindan belirlenir. tum araclarin katilimi zorunludur ve bir amaci da basinin ilgisini ralliye cekmektir.
thestart ın albüme adını veren parçası olduğu için sözlerini de yazarım buraya, bunca vakit aramamışsınız ben buldurayım bağri.. hey! to headed monster on the big blue screen they tell you how to spend your dime now all the minutes change to hours then the days fly by and nothing occupies your mind beautiful people tell you what to wear and who to be and what to buy it's time to leave it all behind and... rise up! dance to a different beat rise up! shakedown! rise up! free your mind of what they say rise up! shakedown! rise up! dance to a different beat rise up! free your mind of what they say rise up! dance to a different beat rise up! shakedown! without a doubt they've thought of everything of every way to steal your time now all the days have changed to weeks and still the years fly by never thought to question why pretty people all those people talking at you talking what when why come on and leave it all behind and... rise up! dance to a different beat rise up! shakedown! rise up! free your mind of what they say rise up! shakedown! rise up! dance to a different beat rise up! free your mind of what they say rise up! dance to a different beat rise up! shakedown! yeah you're all dressed up and you got nothing to lose and i see you've brought your dancing shoes, well let's figure out how to use those things, yeah! c'mon c'mon c'mon dance with me! dance, i said! rise up! dance to a different beat rise up! shakedown! rise up! free your mind of what they say rise up! shakedown! rise up! dance to a different beat rise up! free your mind of what they say rise up! dance to a different beat rise up! shakedown! rise up! shakedown! rise up! shakedown! rise up!..
(bkz: meltdown)
toronto kökenli elektronik jazz grubu four80east'in nocturnal albümünden bir şarkıdır.
