paradise lostun gothic albumunde yer alan parcasi.
cranberries'in bury the hatchet albümünden, dinlendiği zaman no need to argue albümünün o koyu mavi tadını veren bir aşk & ayrılık şarkısı.
ing. 1- çok üzgün ve şokta olmak. 2- çok yorgun olmak.
sozlerini de copy paste edeyim tam olsun i'm trying to control myself so please don't stand in my way i've waited for the longest time this is what i wanted in my way move over, move over there's a climax coming my way move over, move over there's a climax coming my way chorus i don't like, don't compromise shattered by your weakness shattered by your smile and i'm not very fond of you, and your lies shattered by your weaknesses shattered by your smile all the kids are going back to school the summer's over it's the golden rule and now i'm coming out to play so please don't stand in my way and all the things that seemed once to be so important to me seem so trivial now that i can see move over, move over there's a climax coming my way x 2 chorus please don't stand in my way
stratovarius'un dreamspace albümünün 13 parçası... i worked so hard to get my aim pulled out wrong card is this my last game too fast too son you know it takes time hasty deeds spoilt the chances of mine i'm burning inside outside seems all right try not to think about it much it's hard to say when i will play again shattered, shattered my hands are shattered shattered, shattered my life is shattered i'm dressed to kill and ready to score third pain pill and there's pain no more i can't break out, out of these walls walls that sometimes the skull is caled i'm burning inside outside seems all right try not to think about it much it's hard to say when i will play againg shattered, shattered my hands are shattered shattered, shattered my life is shattered
ing paramparca
rolling stones'un da ayni isimli bir parcasi vardir eskilerden.. shattered, shattered love and hope and sex and dreams are still surviving on the street look at me, i'm in tatters! i'm a shattered shattered friends are so alarming and my lover's never charming life's just a cocktail party on the street big apple people dressed in plastic bags directing traffic some kind of fashion shattered seklinde devam ediyor.. universitedeyken suleyman abi kasete cekmisti bana, 50 bin lira borcum vardi.. hala da var..
gitar motifleri ile başlayıp biten "please don't stand in my way" sozleri akıllarda yer eden akustik cranberries şarkısı.
bir daughter darling şarkısı. he drags his pretty razor across his tired skin he does the world a favor his pain leaks his freedom begins the can't feed from his torment anymore cause all his torment is feeding the floor and he smiles as he says good-bye he says good-bye she sees the city all in one blink where is her exit from this loneliness? he's in the crowd she knows her heart begins to sink will she hear his love confessed? hear his love confessed love isn't free within this hateful world there's a price to pay with every slam of her door and when it's over she's never satisfied she says good-bye i can't live knowing what this world has to offer to me cause in the end it doesn't matter in the end it's all shattered shattered good-bye
ing. parcalanmis, parcalarina ayrilmis. (bkz: shatter)
wolfgang petersen'in yönettigi, tom berenger ve bob hoskins'in oynadiklari, sixth sense'e tas cikartacak ölümcül bir sürpriz finali olan gerilim tadinda bir film. ahhh o son neydi be...
cranberriesin en iyi şarkılarından biri olmasının yanında gitar riffleriyle oldukça öne çıkmış keskin pek süper stratovarius şarkısı..
(bkz: shattered dreams)
çok güzel bir stratovarious şarkısı,dreamspace albümünün en iyi şarkılarından biri kanımca.
green carnation in journey to the end of the night albumunun sekizinci ve kapanis track'i. i stare, with the eyes of an empty soul in the mirror to the world beyond but all i see is my dark reflections i scream, but my voice is being reflected in my head i cry, but my tears just dissapear i mourn for myself and my empty soul i swear to overcome my bitter loss mourn, for i am dead...
(bkz: shattered glass)
pantera olanı da, the haunted olanı da pek güzel şarkılardır. ikisi de gazdır, ikisi de azmandır.
cranberriesin bury the hatchet albumundeki super sarkilarin en superlerinden biri, loud and clear, promises, desperate andy ve copycat ile albumu sirtlayan parcalardan... shattered by your weakness diyorum, baska birsey demiyorum .
remy zero parcasi olan shattered in sozleri soyledir : grace in light somehow i found you here told from the hope and fear that holds us inside pull me out look from the world i've known and all that was broken, cold broaden me in here from you, one look just one look and everything is shattered from you one word towers burn and fall, fall apart just be still arms that surround like the sun facing the life we've begun and holds us inside fires curl, shadows swirl a hollow sound that no one else can hear but me in silent streams forever more we dream
alkolluyken iyi giden sarkilar listesine tereddütsüz girebilecek bir cranberries şarkısı.
insanın diline dolanıp bir türlü çıkmayan cranberries şarkısı. gitarın ritminden olsa gerek sürekli dinlemek istiyor insan. belki yılın bu vakitlerinde * insana bir şeyler hatırlatıyordur.* en vurucu cümle için; (bkz: please don't stand in my way)
paradise lost olanin sozlerini yazayim da tam olsun: stare at the dark foreboding walls i turn and look away the fear it haunts me while i sleep (sleep) now as life is torn apart the walls they lead the way this tortured journey almost at the end... (at the end) look at time upon the skies i turn and look away the truth it haunts me wake me from sleep (sleep)
sözleri atlanmış pantera'nın cowboys from hell albümünün gayet lezzetli bir şarkısı, şöyle ki; it's storming broken glass, corpses left in piles ungracious bludgeonmnet that breaks the earth for miles nothing can stop it, the day has come, from below it's catastrophic freezing, there's no healing families are dying this world is shattered... all shattered life crushing turbulence, this wrath can't be denied wishing you could help your friends, standing where they died echoes haunting, a hollow planet, lacerations, dissected nation freezing, there's no healing families are dying this world is shattered... all shattered
(bkz: butterfly on a wheel)
your weakness makes me weaker and i am shattered by my own weakness diye de düşündüren şarkıdır...
guzel bir oar parcasi.sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun in a way, i need a change from this burnout scene another time, another town another everything but it's always back to you stumble out, in the night from the pouring rain made the block, sat and thought there's more i need it's always back to you but i'm good without ya yeah, i'm good without you yeah, yeah, yeah how many times can i break till i shatter? over the line can't define what i'm after i always turn the car around give me a break let me make my own pattern all that it takes is some time but i'm shattered i always turn the car around i had no idea that the night would take so damn long took it out, on the street while the rain still falls push me back to you but i'm good without ya yeah, i'm good without you yeah, yeah, yeah how many times can i break till i shatter? over the line can't define what i'm after i always turn the car around give me a break let me make my own pattern all that it takes is some time but i'm shattered i always turn the car around give it up, give it up, baby give it up, give it up, now now how many times can i break till i shatter? over the line can't define what i'm after i always turn the car around all that i feel is the realness i'm faking taking my time but it's time that i'm wasting always turn the car around how many times can i break till i shatter? over the line can't define what i'm after i always turn the car around don't wanna turn that car around i gotta turn this thing around
"please don't stand in my way" diyerek sanki zaten yeterince iç acıtmazken, bir de; "all the kids are going back to school, the summer's over it's the golden rule.." diyerek ikinci darbeyi vuran, yazın orta yerinde bile bir yaz sonu hüznünü en acı şekilde anımsatan cranberries şarkısı. bir gece vakti, artık bilmemkaç kilometrelik bir uzaklığa düşmüş; kadıköy' ün orta yerinde, çilekli pastayı andıran bir evi deli gibi özleme sebebi.
ülkemizde çatırtı adı ile yayınlanan 1977 tarihli dean r koontz romanı..200 küsur sayfadan oluşan romanda bir yol hikayesi anlatılır..yazarın vasat eserlerinden biridir.
mükemmel bir backstreet boys şarkısı, this is us albümünden. sözleri: so empty, can't feel no more, as i'm left with my tears on the floor i wait for my heart to mend, but you keep tearing a hole inside, i'm so lost, in the middle of my heart it's a battlefield of love, i've been fighting for too long and now i'm shattered, (from the chip in my heart, kept taking it till it broke) oh how it hurts (felt) it slipped from your hand, hit the ground and now it's shattered) i'm so shattered (can't believe it was me, i'm so shattered) so shattered (can't believe, you and me, ahh) so shattered (can't believe, you left me, i'm so shattered) i'm shattered, cut from with-inside, oh what am i still here for, could it be that i'm just waiting hoping you'd rescue me, and put the pieces together again inside, i'm so lost, in the middle of my heart it's a battlefield of love, i've been fighting for too long and now i'm shattered (from the chip in my heart, kept taking it till it broke) oh how it hurts (felt it slipped from you hand, hit the ground and now it's shattered) i'm so shattered (can't believe it was me, i'm so shattered) so shattered (can't believe, you and me, ahh) so shattered (can't believe, you left me, i'm so shattered) i'm shattered, cut from with-inside, oh tell me what you're really here for, if you never really loved me i gave my all but it still wasn't enough 'cause all you had to say was that you ain't looking for commitment instead of telling me what i wanted to hear, oh-ho you took my emotions and scattered them on the ground so hard to just pick up, and move on with life, again and now i'm shattered (ooh) (from the chip in my heart, kept taking it till it broke) oh how it hurts (felt it slipped from your hand, hit the ground and now it's shattered) i'm so shattered (can't believe it was me, i'm so shattered) so shattered (can't believe, you and me, ahh) so shattered (can't believe, you left me, i'm so shattered) i'm shattered, cut from with-inside, oh so shattered can't believe, you left me, ahh
more than this albümünden bir trading yesterday şarkısı. dinlemek için: http://listen.grooveshark.com/#/s/shattered/2qmcxa sözleri de şu şekilde: yesterday i died, tomorrow's bleeding fall into your sunlight the future's open wide beyond believing to know why hope dies losing what was found, a world so hollow suspended in a compromise the silence of this sound is soon to follow somehow sundown and finding answers is forgetting all of the questions we call home passing the graves of the unknown as reason clouds my eyes, with splendor fading illusions of the sunlight and the reflection of a lie will keep me waiting love gone for so long this day's ending is the proof of time killing all the faith i know knowing that faith is all i hold and ive lost who i am and i can't understand why my heart is so broken rejecting your love without love gone wrong life less words carry on but i know all i know is that the ends beginning who i am from the start take me home to my heart let me go and i will run i will not be silenced all this time spent in vain wasted years wasted gain all is lost hope remains and this war's not over theres a light theres the sun taking all the shattered ones to the place we belong and his love will conquer and ive lost who i am and i can't understand why my heart is so broken rejecting your love without love gone wrong life less words carry on but i know all i know is that the ends beginning who i am from the start take me home to my heart let me go and i will run i will not be silenced all this time spent in vain wasted years wasted gain all is lost hope remains and this war's not over theres a light theres the sun taking all the shattered ones to the place we belong and his love will conquer all yes his love will conquer all yesterday i died, tommorrows bleeding fall into your sunlight
rolling stones'un 1978 tarihli 'some girls' albümünün son parçası, rap'tir kendileri.
(bkz: #19745804) rüyamda niye bu şarkı vardı bilmiyorum ama birkaç gündür, bu kadar manyak gibi sevdiğim grubun şarkılarına baktığımda bu şarkı resmen tozlu eşyaların altında unutulmuş hazinemsi gibi geliyor bana. gerçekten popülerlikle uzaktan yakından alakası olmamış ama bana kalırsa cranberries'in en deli şarkılarından (subjektif olarak bana hangisi güzel değil ki gerçi). nedense de şu kısma hastayım. insanın olgunlaşmasını anlatır gibi... "and all the things that seemed once to be so important to me seem so trivial now that i can see" dinlerken verdiği o güzel hissin yanında, "summer is over" derkenki hakikaten yaz bitiyormuş gibi verdiği hüzün inanılmaz. hayatta yazın bitmesi kadar periyodik olarak hüzün veren bir şey yok bana. o yüzden beni bu kadar etkiliyor belki de.
remy zero imzali olani ormanda on kaplan, sokakta yanibasinda eksi on derece ayaz, evde bir basina ise kalp isimli pezeveng organa saplanmis on ok gucundedir.
remy zero imzalı olanı şahsi fikrimce shattered isminde yapılmış en güzel parçadır.
the rolling stones harikalarından. some girls albümünden. beast of burden dan sonra gelir. sözlerinin tamamı; * shattered, shattered love and hope and sex and dreams are still surviving on the street look at me, i'm in tatters! i'm a shattered shattered friends are so alarming my lover's never charming life's just a cocktail party on the street big apple people dressed in plastic bags directing traffic some kind of fashion shattered laughter, joy, and loneliness and sex and sex and sex and sex look at me, i'm in tatters i'm a shattered shattered all this chitter-chatter, chitter-chatter, chitter-chatter 'bout schmatte, schmatte, schmatte -- i can't give it away on 7th avenue this town's been wearing tatters (shattered, shattered) work and work for love and sex ain't you hungry for success, success, success, success does it matter? (shattered) does it matter? i'm shattered. shattered ahhh, look at me, i'm a shattered i'm a shattered look at me- i'm a shattered, yeah pride and joy and greed and sex that's what makes our town the best pride and joy and dirty dreams and still surviving on the street and look at me, i'm in tatters, yeah i've been battered, what does it matter does it matter, uh-huh does it matter, uh-huh, i'm a shattered don't you know the crime rate is going up, up, up, up, up to live in this town you must be tough, tough, tough, tough, tough! you got rats on the west side bed bugs uptown what a mess this town's in tatters i've been shattered my brain's been battered, splattered all over manhattan uh-huh, this town's full of money grabbers go ahead, bite the big apple, don't mind the maggots, huh shadoobie, my brain's been battered my friends they come around they flatter, flatter, flatter, flatter, flatter, flatter, flatter pile it up, pile it high on the platter
az önce bitirdiğim ve bi sikime benzemeyen dean r. koontz eseri.
aynı zamanda bir cold case bölümü.
aynı zamanda csi miami dördüncü sezon onuncu bölümünün adı.
aynı zamanda star trek voyager yedinci sezon on birinci bölümünün adı.
dinlerken arada judas priest dinliyormus hissi veren hayvan pantera sarkisi.
