morrison hotel den bir doors sarkisi the human race was dying out no one left to scream and shout. people walking on the moon smog will get you pretty soon. everyone was hanging out hanging up and hanging down hanging in and holding fast hope our little world will last. along came mr. goodtrips looking for a new ship. come on people better climb on board come on babe we're going home. ship of fools, ship of fools. the human race was dying out no one left to scream and shout. people walking on the moon smog will get you pretty soon. ship of fools, ship of fools climb on board ship's gonna leave you all, far behind.
robert plant'in de bir parçası vardı bu isimde... hatta sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun... on waves of love my heart is breaking and stranger still my self control i can't rely on anymore new tides surprise my world it's changing within this frame an ocean swells behind this smile i know it well beneath a lover's moon i'm waiting i am the pilot of the storm adrift in pleasure i may drown i built this ship it is my making and furthermore my self control i can't rely on anymore i know why i know why crazy on a ship of fools crazy on a ship of fools turn this boat around back to my loving ground oh no, oh no who claims that no man is an island while i land up in jeopardy more distant from you by degrees i walk this shore in isolation and at my feet eternity tries ever sweeter plans for me i know why i know why crazy on a ship of fools oh, crazy on a ship of fools turn this boat around back to my loving ground oh no, oh no ship of fools turn this boat around back to my loving ground oh no, oh crazy on a ship of fools oh, crazy on a ship of fools turn this boat around back to my loving ground oh no, oh no ship of fools
scorpions'ın "face the heat" albümünde yer alan harika parça: ship of fools another bloody monday thirty-nine just died all hell breaks loose in the crowd a hopeless helter skelter another mindless crime some corner of the world is burning down heading for a nervous breakdown can't take it anymore i see the fear explode just like a thousant nights before the ship of fools keeps on rollin' through a deadly storm it won't take long 'till we collide the ship of fools keeps on following the siren's call damned to be sacrificed corrupt politicians promise paradise the thieves are reaching out for the crown violence is a killer threatens all our lives judgment day has come here and now heading for a nervous breakdown can't take it anymore i see the fear explode just like a thousant nights before the ship of fools keeps on rollin' through a deadly storm it won't take long 'till we collide the ship of fools keeps on following the siren's call damned to be sacrificed heading for a nervous breakdown can't take it anymore i see the fear explode just like a thousant nights before the ship of fools keeps on rollin' through a deadly storm it won't take long 'till we collide the ship of fools keeps on following the siren's call damned to be sacrificed the ship of fools keeps on rollin' through a deadly storm it won't take long 'till we collide the ship of fools keeps on following the siren's call damned to be sacrificed
ayni zamanda da bir greateful dead parcasidir.
füsun önal'ın da aynı isimle bir şarkısı vardır.
ve yngwie j. malmsteen's rising force'un attack albümünden vivaldivari girişiyle gaz bir parça... when the rats are bailing out and you are just signing on then you turned and walked away there is no love lost here, my friend but you have made a great mistake you ate the hook, the sink and bait now you can't get out it's much too late the ship of fools keep sailing on the ship of fools keep sailing on and on and on and on but i can be merciless for sure and you'll sail for many moons i can't believe you lost your mind i'll watch you falling down, again you have been living in a dream and i can hear the same old theme but nothing's ever what it seems the ship of fools keep sailing on the ship of fools keep sailing on the ship of fools keep sailing on and on and on and on the truth is always hard to face especially when you are in that place, like the ship of fools the ship of fools keep sailing on the ship of fools keep sailing on the ship of fools keep sailing on and on and on and on
15.yüzyıl sonlarından kalma bi dürer kitabı. resimler ve altlarında fool tanımlamaları barındırır, "deliliğin koca bir çadırı vardır; bütün dünya onun içinde yaşar."
(bkz: the ship of fools)
1965 yapımı bir stanley kramer filmi. oyuncu kadrosunda vivien leigh, lee marvin, jose ferrer ve simone signoret gibi önemli oyuncular yer almaktadır.
(bkz: all the fools sailed away)
grateful dead'in de bu isimde bir sarkisi vardir. soz konusu sarkinin elvis costello yorumu da gayet guzeldir. "hangi yorumu?" diyeceksiniz; ben de soyle siralayacagim: 16 nisan 1987 stolen roses - elvis costello 1991 deadicated - elvis costello 1996 costello and nieve - elvis costello and steve nieve sozleri robert hunter, muzigi jerry garcia yazmistir. aha sozleri soyledir: went to see the captain, strangest i could find laid my proposition down, laid it on the line i won't slave for beggar's pay, likewise gold and jewels but i would slave to learn the way to sink your ship of fools chorus: ship of fools on a cruel sea ship of fools sail away from me it was later than i thought when i first believed you but now i cannot share your laughter, ship of fools saw your first ship sink and drown from rocking of the boat and all that could not sink of swim were just left there to float i won't leave you drifting down but whoa it makes me wild with thirty years upon my head to have you call me child [chorus] the bottles stand as empty now, as they were filled before time there was and plenty, but from that cup no more though i could not caution all, i still might warn a few don't lend your hand to raise no flag atop no ship of fools [chorus]
world party tarafindan seslendirilen guzel bir sarki. we're setting sail to a place on the map from which no-one has ever returned drawn by the promise of the joker and the fool by the light of the crosses that burned drawn by the promise of the wormen and lace and the gold and the cotton and pearls it's the place where they keep all the darkness you need you sail away from the light of the world on this trip, baby you will pay tomorrow you're gonna pay tomorrow save me, save me from tomorrow i don't want to sail with this ship of fools you've got to save me from tomorrow i don't want to sail with this ship of fools i want to run and hide right now avarice and greed are gonna drive you over the endless sea they will leave you drifting in the shallows drowning in the oceans of history traveling the world, you're in search of no good but i'm sure you'll build your sodom like you knew you would using all the good people for your galley slaves as your little boat struggles through the warning waves but you don't pay you will pay tomorrow you're gonna pay tomorrow where's it coming from where's it going now it's just a ship of fools
ikinci dünya savaşı öncesi(1933),mexico'dan avrupa'ya giden bir gemide geçen filmin hiç kuşkusuz en çarpıcı repliği,bir yahudi olan julius lowenthal'dan (heinz ruhlmann) duyulmuştur: "there are one million jews in germany alone. what are they going to do -- kill all of us?"
erasure'in 1988 tarihli the innocents adli 3. albumunde yer alan ve erasure'in ilk ballad tarzinda cikardigi single, uk chart listesinde 6 numaraya kadar cikmistir. i cant believe what is happening to me my head is spinning the flowers and the trees are encapsulating me and i go spinning he was the baby of the class you know he really didnt know that one and one was two two and two were four he was the baby of the class you know he really didnt know that, really didnt know that oh what a poor soul oooh, do we not set sail on the ship of fools oooh, why is love so precious and so cruel? i close my eyes and i try to imagine what youre dreaming why cant you see what youre doing to me my world is spinning he was the baby of the class you know he really didnt know that one and one was two two and two were four he was the baby of the class you know you were so young and so uncertain suffer little children oh what a poor soul oooh, do we not set sail on the ship of fools oooh, why is love so precious and so cruel? he was the baby of the class you know he really didnt know that one and one was two two and two were four he was the baby of the class you know you were so young and so uncertain suffer little children oh what a poor soul oooh, do we not set sail on the ship of fools oooh, why is love so precious and so cruel? oooh, do we not set sail on the ship of fools oooh, why is love so fragile and so cruel? oooh, do we not set sail on the ship of fools oooh, why is love so precious and so cruel?
(bkz: das narrenschiff)
jim morrison'ın zamanında hapisanelerde uygulanmaya çalışılmış olan suçluyu kategorize etme çabalarını anlattıgı şarkı.
15 nisan gecesi babylonda danielle de picciotto ve alexander hacke ile bu gemiye bineceğiz, müzikal ziyafet çekeceğiz. cennet gemisi gibi bir şey olur heralde: eşsiz müzik, 15ytl'ye bilet, ucuza bira... * *.
şebnem ferah'ın bu aşk fazla sana şarkısı bu şarkıdan kısmen araktır. aksini idda edene kafa atarım.
