bir yoyo tricki... front pass ardından yukarı doğru loop the loop yapmaya dayanır.. pek tehlikelidir; çünkü kafa hizzasına yakın yapılması gerekir ve loop the loop da bir başarınız yoksa kafanızda patlar alet*..
hearts oyununun bilgisayarsiz* versiyonunda el almaz yapmak.
albert finney ve diane keaton in basrollerini paylastigi,michael seresin ile alan parker in ortak yonettikleri filmdir.
ha keza benzer adda baska bi sarki icin (bkz: tom waits)
bir norah jones parçası. sözleri: the summer days are gone too soon you shoot the moon and miss completely and now you're left to face the gloom the empty room that once smelled sweetly of all the flowers you plucked if only you knew the reason why you had to each be lonely was it just the season? now the fall is here again you can't begin to give in it's all over when the snows come rolling through you're rolling too with some new lover will you think of times you've told me that you knew the reason why we had to each be lonely it was just the season
dolunayın sevgiliyi hatırlattığı gecelerde istemsizce loop'a alınan norah jones şarkısı. come away with me albümünden.
akla yüzbinlerce aniyı getiren, insanda aglama potansiyeli olusturan mükemmel norah jones parcasi.
(bkz: i ll shoot the moon)
hearts (maça kızı) oyununda bütün cezaları almak . herkese 26şar puan eklenir, ya da sizden 26 düşer -10jd oynanırsa karo valeyi de almak gerekir.
bir mudhoney şarkısı. i've seen it ile başlayan kısım pek güzeldir. looking for a life in the back of your mind looking so hard, you're going blind swear you tasted it, down the sun sooner or later, darkness will come i've seen it it's getting dark it's getting dark it's getting on your high horse overlooking the plains you're in a place where no one remains shoot the moon, it's already shot it's coming for you or. are you gone? i've seen it it scares me it scares you it's so shoot the moon what you got's been shot to hell shoot the moon what you got's been shot to hell shoot the moon what you got's been shot to hell can't keep on holding her that's too fun you know she's gone she's no longer around can't keep on holding her that's too fun you know she's gone she's no longer around she's no longer around no longer around no longer around no longer around no longer around no longer around no longer around no longer around
aynı zamanda everwood üçüncü sezon altıncı bölümünün adı.
