1981 yılında depeche modeun new life singleının b yüzünde çıkan şarkısı. sözleri: she was silent trying to be like the girl who acted on the tv always knowing when to say wishing for a moment so that they could see staring in the night a picture in my room and i think that she knew her lines break away tonight i wanna hold your hand we've got to get it right we've got to understand carefully watching waiting as i stood upon the back streets and we start to play i was screaming louder as the curtains fall between us in a twisted way staring in the night a picture in my room and i think that she knew her lines break away tonight i wanna hold your hand we've got to get it right we've got to understand placing all the questions in the minutes of a game we won so long ago dangerous and beautiful the radio transmission that i have to know you could never run you could never stay and i think you belong to me break away tonight i wanna hold your hand we've got to get it right we've got to understand
tears for fears'in sembol sarkisi 1985 yilinin bize armagan ettigi guzelliklerden come on, i'm talking to you, come on..
aynı zamanda bir tears for fears şarkısıdır. sözleri: shout, shout let it all out. these are the things i can do without, come one i'm talking to you, come on. in violent times you shouldn't have to sell your soul in black and white they really, really ought to know. those one track minds that took you for a working boy. kiss them goodbye. you shouldn't have to jump for joy. you shouldn't have to shout, shout let it all out. these are the things i can do without, come one. i'm talking to you, come on. they gave you life and in return you gave them hell as cold as ice, i hope we live to tell the tale i hope we live to tell the tale shout, shout let it all out. these are the things i can do without, come one. i'm talking to you, come on. and when you've taken down your guard if i could change your mind i'd really like to break your heart i'd really like to shake your heart shout, shout let it all out. these are the things i can do with-out, come one. i'm talking to you, come on.
aynı zamanda depeche modeun speak and spell albümünün almanya baskısında da yer alır.
yanılmıyorsam 1991* yılında çekilen, gwyneth paltrow ablamızın da ilk filmi ünvanına sahip hoş bir gençlik* filmi.
süper mutlu bir seksenler* klibine sahip, leziz şarkı. en sonunda uçurumun kenarında solo atma sahnesi ile bu gaz tavana vurur.
ayrıca atrocity, werk 80 adlı albümünde coverlamıştır bu şarkıyı...
rajaz albümünden albümle son derece uyumlu camel şarkısı.
diablo 2 de barbarian ırkına özgü bir yetenek.. 20. level shout sayesinde defans inanılmaz ölçüde artar, doğru item'lar, 1. level battle command*, ve 20. level iron skin ile desteklendiginde defans oranı 28000'e ulaşabilir ki, bu da yuz yuze dovusen bir karakter olan barbarımızın adeta dokunulamaz hale gelmesini sağlaması açısından son derece faydalıdır..
aynı zamanda bir blues brothers şarkısıdır, süperdir
söz ve müziği vince clarke'a ait bir depeche mode şarkısı, ayrıca rio mix'i de mevcuttur, konser* versiyonu muhteşemdir.
camel'in rajaz albumundeki shout'un sozleri soyledir: another day... i might have found the words to say all the things i meant to say. all the years that passed between you never understood the meaning of my way. another day there might have been some other way to make the sacrifice. another day... i would try to be a friend, you would never let me in. if i could have it otherwise, i`d chase the demons from your eyes to ease your soul. but now you`ve reached this other side where hopes and broken dreams can`t turn the tide. shout! to the top. shout! through your defenses... shout! to the top. shout! another day... you might have found your destiny, knowing that it`s meant to be. a self-effacing prodigy, you gave it up for infamy and fell from grace. shout! to the top. shout! through your pretenses... shout! to the top. lay down your defenses, shout! to the top
dominion* tarafindan coverlanan sahane bir tears for fears parcasi.
disturbed coverı harika olan tears for fears şarkısı. ayrıca rock the nations 2004 te leaves eyes da coverlamıştır. liv kristine in sesinden dinlemek bi başka güzeldi.
tears for fears klibi harikadır. paçalara doğru daralan pantolonlar, ayakkabılardan fışkırmış kırmızı,kalın çoraplar, dans eden insanlar görülmeye değerdir. her insanın izlemesi,80leri sevgiyle ve saygıyla anması gerekir.
aynı zamanda bir tlc şarkısıdır ki hoplatır ve de zıplatır!! hatta türünün iyi örneklerindendir!! hatta waterfalls ile beraber en hoş beş tlc şarkılarından olma ihtimali yüksek!! lisa left eye lopes anısına sözlerini de yazmak icap eder! (wuz up yall? this is left eye on track. my girl t boz is over to my left and chili is on my right. we gon teach ya'll how to shout.) uh check it out wuz up wuz up you same damn time every hurt or two something can happen to put me in the mood keep it inside 'till i turn dark blue trash everything i ever gave to you wrote it on the front of your lexus coupe didn't wanna leave you with a lame excuse sex so good turns love to abuse when you wanna leave it's got you in a nuse bridge: it's not just when i'm envy sometimes i'm so frustrated i keep it all in my head 'till i just can't take it no more it's not just when i get mad sometimes it's 'cause i'm so glad that you are near me now i just have to get it out chorus: shout you gotta let me get it out you gotta let it go away don't wanna spend another day i miss i feel like you make me shout you gotta let me get it out the feeling won't go away don't wanna spend another day i miss i feel like you make me shout found something in your pocket and i don't know why i didn't say nothing just sat and cried got me twisted all out inside not too long deep for the next ride over and over and over again instead of lettin' out i always let it in this is where the confusion ends 'cause oh don't make me loose again (bridge 1x) (chorus 1x) baby just tell me what you wanna do i can't help being in love with you 'cause sometimes i need you to turn me out 'cause that's what lovin' is all about(2x) rap: check it out y'all 'cause only times before my rhymes but dig into my mind and get crazy out of line i do my best to never disrespect my girls in tlc or my friends won't let me speak my love and peace all about in this world full of doubt is you down for the count do ya'll hope still amount to the price that we pay to remain up in this crucial game call it a test a game of chess let's play me and you one on one breaking the ice to the water runs down my face like a chase now do you hear the guns here i come it won't quit until the job is done quiet storms will inform you that i just begun up in the spot 'till it's hot if you want what i got see me down to the top dot com and keep it coming with your best shot and if you short a camelot then let's not
orijinalde bir isley brothers şarkısı olsa da bu bir green day şarkısıdır. sözleri ekteki gibidir: well, you know you make me wanna (shout) throw my hand up (shout) kick my heels back (shout) throw my head back (shout) come on now (shout) don't forget to say you will (shout, shout) don't forget to say (shout) yeah yeah yeah yeah, come on (say you will) say it right now, baby (say you will) come on, come on (say you will) say it right now, baby (say you will) i still remember when you used to be nine years old yeah, yeah an' now that you're grown up you're old enough to know an' you wanna leave me you wanna let me go i want you to know i said i want you to know right now you've been good to me, baby better than i've been to myself and if you ever leave me i don't want nobody else i said i want you to know i said i want you to know right no you know you make me wanna (shout) kick my shoes off (shout) throw my hands up (shout) take my pants off (shout) come on now (shout) don't forget to say you will (shout, shout) don't forget to say (shout) yeah yeah yeah yeah, come on (say you will) say it right now, baby (say you will) (say) say that you love me (say) say that you need me (say) say that you want me (say) don't ever leave me (shout) come on now (shout) come on now (shout) come on now (shout) come on now (shout) a little bit softer now (shout) a little bit louder now hey (hey) hey (hey) yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) shout now a little shout now jump up and shout now a little shout now come on (shout now) come on now (shout now) come on now (shout now) come on now (shout now) come on jump up and shout now a little shout now jump up and shout now a little shout now jump up and shout now a little shout now jump up and shout now a little shout now, yeah, hey! ho! go! hey!
beraber geçerilen zamanları eğlenceli kılan, sevipte söylemeyen,sevildiğini bilmeyen, itilip kakılası,yalanıp yutulası,sırta alınıp koşulası, görüldüğü yerde dövülesi,tapılası yazar..ayrıca (bkz: it)..
lulu'nun soyledigi bir $arki; ayrica bir marilyn monroe'lu filmin soundtrack'inde mi vardi ne, tam hatirlamiyorum.
the beatles dan da dinlenesi bir coveri olan sarki.
tear for fears'ın şarkısının sözlerini de yazalım tam olsun: shout, shout, let it all out, these are the things i can do without come on, i'm talking to you, come on shout, shout, let it all out, these are the things i can do without come on, i'm talking to you, come on in violent times, you shouldn't have to sell your soul in black and white, they really really ought to know those one track minds that took you for a working boy kiss them goodbye, you shouldn't have to jump for joy you shouldn't have to jump for joy shout, shout, let it all out, these are the things i can do without come on, i'm talking to you, come on they gave you life, and in return you gave them hell as cold as ice, i hope we live to tell the tale i hope we live to tell the tale shout, shout, let it all out, these are the things i can do without come on, i'm talking to you, come on shout, shout, let it all out, these are the things i can do without come on, i'm talking to you, come on shout, shout, let it all out (let it all out) these are the things i can do without come on, i'm talking to you, come on and when you've taken down your guard if i could change your mind, i'd really love to break your heart i'd really love to break your heart shout, shout, let it all out (break your heart) these are the things i can do without (i'd really love to break your heart) come on i'm talking to you, come on shout, shout, let it all out, these are the things i can do without come on, i'm talking to you so come on (guitar solo) shout, shout, let it all out, these are the things i can do without come on, i'm talking to you, come on (they really really ought to know) shout, shout, let it all out (really really ought to know) these are the things i can do without (they really really) come on, i'm talking to you, come on (they really really ought to know) shout, shout, let it all out (i'd really love to break your heart) these are the things i can do without (i'd really love to break your heart) come on, i'm talking to you so come on shout, shout, let it all out, these are the things i can do without come on, i'm talking to you, come on...(fade) http://www.youtube.com/…54in3urgum8&feature=related
tears for fears 'in acik ara en iyi parcasi. tam bir seksenler klasigi. mad world 'un popülaritesinin onda birine sahip olmamasi sasirtici. bu ne sürü psikolojisidir arkadas. gazdir, kulaklara asinadir kisaca. severiz.
mukemmel bir black tide sarkisi. boyle bir punk rock havasi falan da var cok ucundan biraz. gerisi de bildigin black tide*. cok hos, pek yetenekli cocuklar canim...
yine invincible albümüne düşünülen fakat albümde yerini almamış michael jackson şaheseri. gnorance of people purchasing diamonds and necklaces, and barely able to keep the payments up on their lessons, and enrolled in a class and don't know who the professor is, how low people go for the dough and make a mess of things, kids are murdering other kids for the fun of it, instead of using their mind or their fist, they put a gun in it wanna be a part of a clique, don't know who's running it, tragedy on top of tragedy you know it's killing me. so many people in agony, this shouldn't have to be, too busy focusing on ourselves and not his majesty, there has to be some type of change for this day and age, we gotta rearrange and flip the page, living encaged like animals and cannibals, eating each other alive just to survive the nine to five, every single day is trouble while we struggle and strive peace of mind's so hard to find. i wanna shout, throw my hands up and shout what's this madness all about all this makes me wanna shout you know it makes me wanna shout, throw my hands up and shout what's this madness all about all this makes me wanna shout, c'mon now problems, complications and accusations dividing the nations and races of empty faces a war is taking place. no substitution for restitution, the only solution for peace is increasing the height of your spirituality. masses of minds are shrouded, clouded visions deceptions and indecision, no faith or religion, how we're living. the clock is ticking, the end is coming, there'll be no warning, but we live to see the dawn. how can we preach, when all we make this world to be is a living hell torturing our minds. we all must unite, to turn darkness to light, and the love in our hearts will shine. we're disconnected from love, we're disrespecting each other whatever happened to protecting each other poisoned your body and your soul for a minute of pleasure, but the damage that you've done is gonna last forever. babies being born in the world already drug addicted and afflicted, family values are contradicted. ashes to ashes and dust to dust, the pressure is building and i've had enough. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftwrhqspeeq
ing. bağırmak, haykırmak.
bu isimde bir beatles biyografisi mevcut. philip norman tarafından kaleme alınmış. 'nothing less then thrilling. . . the definitive beatles biography' deniyor new york times tarafından.
bir akşam istiklal'de karşılaşmanın dışında hala karşılıklı kahvelerimizi alıp konuşamadığımız, yakın insan. yakın diyorum çünkü ben onun dinlediği güzel müzikleri seviyorum. ecetem sevgisini anlıyorum. "sizi etkileyen film kahramanı?" sorusuna "eloise" diye cevab verebilme ihtimalimizi seviyorum. bir şeyler ve bir şeyler oluyor, benim yazdığım cümleler tutup da onu yakalıyor. nasıl oluyor, nedendir bilmiyorum ama bu o cümleleri sorumlu kılıyor. hayattan sorumlusunuz, birisine bir şey ifade ediyorsunuz. bir gün o cümleleri önümüzdeki masaya dökmek istiyorum. alan ball hüznü beni sardığında, ona anlatmak istiyorum. gecikerek de olsa güzel yaşının huzur dolu olmasını diliyorum. mutsuzluk ya da mutluluk değil çünkü bizim derdimiz, salt huzur.
tears for fears'ınkinin bugüne dek bir sürü kavırı yapılmış. internette going under hibridi diye dolaşan bir tane var, o güzel mesela.
kıskanıyor beni. okkalı küfürler hazırlamış ama, tam olarak tanımadığından ayıp olur diye edemiyor da. üzgünüm shout'cığım bir tom smith imzası yüzünden gıcık olma, etme eyleme:)
colin mcrae dirt 2 soundtracklerinin en güzellerinden birisi. black tide'ın shout'ı için konuşuyorum. 1:50 - 2:36 arası mükemmel. sözler: when you feel the world is above you when you feel like screaming your lungs out when you're in the darkness all alone don't let it eat you alive you'll never be alone, you'll never be alone a man's got to do what he's got to do as long as you shout, scream your hearts out don't let nobody take you down where you ain't belong shout, scream your hearts out don't let nobody take you down where you ain't belong [solo (gabriel)] why don't you fight for once in your life don't want to live your life through someone else's eyes you'll never be alone, you'll never be alone a man's got to do what he's got to do as long as you shout, scream your hearts out don't let nobody take you down where you ain't belong shout, scream your hearts out don't let nobody take you down where you ain't belong [solo 2 (gabriel)] now that i'm here, i'm going to face my fears tired of hiding and i'm tired of running all that was part of me the fear that was in me i'm strong enough to finally break [solo 3 (gabriel)] shout, scream your hearts out don't let nobody take you down where you ain't belong shout, scream your hearts out don't let nobody take you down where you ain't belong shout! it's your time to shout so shout! it's your time shout! yeah
camel'a ait olanı hüzünlü de olsa melodisiyle iç ısıtan, hatta mutluluk veren şarkıdır.. şair sanki burada "dostum üzülme, giden gider, bağır dök içindekileri, sonra da hayatına bak" demektedir.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ik8w440pf-4
