prince albümü. aynı zamanda prince'in sözlerinde aşıp gittiği şarkı. çok güzel bir şarkı ve nefis sözler. bu adamın sadece karı götüren ve iyi dans eden bir tip olduğunu sananların suratına ilk atılacaklardandır.
(bkz: sign of the times)
1987 tarihli prince albümü. purple rain ve 1999 ile birlikte, adamın yaptığı en güzel şey (şahsi fikrime göre bu ikisinden de daha başarılıdır). double albümdür; tam 80 dakika sürer. "the ballad of dorothy parker", "starfish & coffee", "if i was your girlfriend", "it's gonna be a beautiful night" ve eşsiz "i could never take the place of your man"e özellikle dikkat. şarkı listesi: cd 1: 1. sign o' the times 2. play in the sunshine 3. housequake 4. the ballad of dorothy parker 5. it 6. starfish and coffee 7. slow love 8. hot thing 9. forever in my life cd 2: 1. u got the look 2. if i was your girlfriend 3. strange relationship 4. i could never take the place of your man 5. the cross 6. it's gonna be a beautiful night 7. adore
steven wilson'ın da muhteşem yorumladığı bir prince şarkısı. mutlaka steven wilson'dan da dinlenmeli.
prince; oh yeah in france a skinny man died of a big disease with a little name by chance his girlfriend came across a needle and soon she did the same at home there are seventeen-year-old boys and their idea of fun is being in a gang called the disciples high on crack, totin' a machine gun time, time hurricane annie ripped the ceiling of a church and killed everyone inside u turn on the telly and every other story is tellin' u somebody died sister killed her baby cuz she could afford 2 feed it and we're sending people 2 the moon in september my cousin tried reefer 4 the very first time now he's doing horse, it's june times, times it's silly, no? when a rocket ship explodes and everybody still wants 2 fly some say a man ain't happy unless a man truly dies oh why time, time baby make a speech, star wars fly neighbors just shine it on but if a night falls and a bomb falls will anybody see the dawn time, times it's silly, no? when a rocket blows and everybody still wants 2 fly some say a man ain't happy, truly until a man truly dies oh why, oh why, sign o the times time, time sign o the times mess with your mind hurry before it's 2 late let's fall in love, get married, have a baby we'll call him nate... if it's a boy time, time time, time
