pink floyd'un a momentary lapse of reason albümündeki birinci şarkı... enstrümentaldir...
evet, a1'dir, enstrümantaldir, güzel bir introdur.. hatta vaktiyle radyoda* "- şimdi de grubun basçısı ve solisti roger waters ayrıldıktan sonra yaptıkları "a momentary lapse of reason" albümünden 'signs of life'ı dinliyoruz.." şeklinde sunulunca, şu satırları kaleme alanın bir arkadaşı tarafından "- yaa ayrılmasaymış keşke.. kimse şarkıları söyliyemiyo bak" denilerek ortasından kopartılmıştır..
suya batip cikan kurek sesleri ile ba$lar, bundan sonraki albumde* yer alan cluster one da bu ekoldendir. gilmour baba* bu i$i biliyor dedirtir...
bir poets of the fall albümü. ayrıca görüyorum ki, gayet başarılı bir albüm. max payne ile yakaladıkları başarıyı devam ettirme niyetindeler.
every move a picture'in haziran ayinda yayinlanacak debut albumleri heart=weapon'in cikis sarkisi.
every move a picture'in need for speed carbon soundtrack'inde de yer alan parçası.
poets of the fall ' un kayda değer, 2005 tarihli albümleri. lift ve late goodbye * öne çıkan parçalar. hakkında doğru düzgün entry girilmediğini görünce şaşırdığımdır aynı zamanda.
isinmalik bir every move a picture parcasi ki (bkz: sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun) come on out come on out in this light satellites can't see what's inside unlock the door; it won't save you anymore governments can't fight what's inside show some signs of life come on down come on down from these heights others bled to give you the right understand the choice, they don't even hear your voice but governments can't fight what's inside what's inside? show some signs of life and come down and put your heart in this fight ah, come on and make your stand tonight
(bkz: fragments of life)
bir andrew belle şarkısı. show me where your car is parked and i'll drive it for you i am made of light and dark but i shine before you all this water you've charted on this blue ocean i can't stop what you've started and when i say oh, don't you want me? don't you need me? cause i, i feel let down the same red ruby, blood flows through me but i, don't feel it now show me where you lost your heart and i'll find it for you but all these strings on my guitar won't solve this for you all this ice that you've broken won't hold you up from all these lies that you've spoken and when i say oh, don't you want me? don't you need me? cause i, i feel let down the same red ruby, blood flows through me but i, don't feel it now cause all these doctors say that this is an emergency i'd give my eyesight for a little bit of urgency or just some signs of life consider this a courtesy from me to you cause i don't know how much longer i can drive you home the same red ruby, blood flows through me but i, don't feel it now and when i say oh, don't you want me? don't you need me? cause i, i feel let down the same red ruby, blood flows through me but i, don't feel it now it's just a little closer to your grave but i still remember all the things you gave me cause all these doctors say that this is an emergency i'd give my eyesight for a little bit of urgency or just some signs of life from you... or just some signs of life from you.. or just some signs of life from you..
bir poets of the fall albümü olmasının dışında grubun yeni çıkardığı başarılı single. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjrk9epcmxk
temple of thought bonus edition'ın bombası olan şarkı.sözleri için: she stands by the corner shop at the edge of a rainbow she thought the solution someone painted on the wall he writes in his daily journal eyes blindfolded, gathering pieces with no direction to go anymore when what's real becomes just another source of hurt and when meaning's gone from every word signs of life color your skin emotions within show you the fast lane to your love when love is a kiss of terminal bliss, designed to erase all signs of life from the smile on your face to the lines you rephrase will always guide you to your love your love is a kiss, my undying wish, designed to retrace the signs of life she disguises herself in her new york fashion to find her passion she lights her beacon high on coffee shop produce and he still picks his trains by chance chooses opinions to fit his circumstance to find something he can use when you're free to choose, but the choices leave you lost when you feel you paid way more than it should cost signs of life... if you feel you've exhausted all your options and if you still find yourself with nothing to believe in free your mind and you will see signs of life...
