kurtaj karsiti gruplarin sitesi. http://silentscream.org/
south of heaven albümünden acaip gaz bi slayer parçası.biri sözlerini de yazarsa tam olacak*.
nightmare, the persecution a child dream of death. torment, ill forgotten a soul that will never rest. guidance, it means nothing in a world of brutual time. electric, circus, wild, deep in the infants mind. silent scream bury the unwanted child. beaten and torn sacrifice the unborn. shattered, adolescent child bearer of no name. restrained, insane games suffer the children condemned. scattered, remnants of life, murder a time to die. pain, sufferaged toyed, life's little fragments destroyed. silent scream crucify the bastard son. beaten and torn sanctify lives of scorn life preordained humanity maintained. extraction termination pains agonizing stain. embrionic death, embedded in your brain. suffocation, strangulation, death is fucking you insane nightmare, the persecution a childs dream of death torment, ill forgotten a soul that will never rest innocence withdrawn in fear fires burning can you hear cries in the night.
edvard munch'un cok taninmis bir resmi
amerikalı bir metal muzik grubu. "from the darkest depths of the imagination" adinda birde albumleri bulunmakta.
royal hunt'ın "paradox" albümünde yer alan mükemmel parça: silent scream white dress, torture in disguise, pointin' flashlight right into my eyes. sharp pain every single night - every day i fight a hopeless fight... look, over thirty years i've wished that i was dead, somebody, help me out, 'cos i'm tied down to my bed... i'm lookin' for someone to release me, i'm waitin' for an angel from my dream, i'm talkin' to all of you around me, i'm asking you - tell me can you hear my silent scream? dear god gave me such a life full of pain, it's sharp just like a knife, i can think, but i can not tell, what's life to you to me is hell. i hear the storm outside - first crop just hit the roof, i'd die to see the rain, but i can't ... move ... if living is my cross, so let me die or crucify me now, but tell me, can you hear my silent scream? time stays still - only i can feel when the darkness will appear, every day i wished away my fear...
(bkz: i have no mouth and i must scream)
ayrıca children of bodom un 2003 tarihli hate crew deathroll albümünde yer alan* bonus track.
(bkz: silent screams)
nightmare! mass depression, silent scream of death torment, into darkness someday will never rise darkness! there is nothing in the world that follows rhyme impetrate, simplest wine deep within my spine silent scream! tearing it up in time it'll die sucking the part where it'll die shout! another time evil hard knock game mistake! mistaken, something that's chewing you down scared! of dangers of light bury tainted guy grain... suffers rhyme hard is something that is destroyed silent scream! the worst of the bitterest sound evil does the light turn into stow light! free of dead humanity mayday destruction to the end show preserved the nastiest prey... wake me up... and down infinity to prey selection to the later it brought us the end of the day nightmare! mass depression, silent screams out there torment, into darkness someday will never rise innocent! we're all gonna die! silent scream! it's the end of light! şeklindeki children of bodom, hate crew deathroll albümünün bonus track'i
kerrang, yarrang hangisi tam hatırlayamadığım bi metal dergisi tarafından 'en iyi davul kullanımı' seçilen ve hakkaten de dave lombardo'nun fazladan bir kolla çaldığını düşündüğüm slayer parçası.
(bkz: silentscream)
children of bodomun coverlayarak (yada coverlamayı deneyerek) içine ettiği slayer ın nadide şarkılarından.
güzel bir lunatica sarkısı. insomnia i welcome thee in the nights i see the world bleed, in my dreams i have to hide i cannot close the door to this mystique place my eyes blinded by the misery, never i felt so much fear it seems i‘m already in hell oh help me, my silent screams remain unheard insomnia is the key to my life i don’t want to see the world behind this thin curtain which separates conscience from sleep in my back the knife is getting near, this could be my last breath but somewhere i must find the door to morning this time, if my senses are awake, i may pass the thin line into safety but tomorrow it starts again insomnia i welcome thee
cok eski bir ankara muzik calisma studyosunun adi. hatta yanlis hatirlamiyorsam balgat semtindeydi.
children of bodom'un super mariovari klavye sololarıyla içine ettiği slayer şarkısı.
cift kros nedir sorusunun cevabi olan slayer parcasi.
bir nick cave şarkısı: "can you hear my silent scream? yeah yeah yeah"... white dress, torture in discuise, pointing flashlight right into my eyes, sharp pain every single night-, every day i fight a hopeless fight i look, over thirty years, ive wished that i was dead somebody help me out, because i'm tied down to my bed. im looking for someone to release me im waiting for an angel from my dreams im talking to all of you around me im asking you-tell me can u hear my silent scream. dear god, gave me such a life full of pain, its sharp just like a knife i can think, but i cannot tell, wots life to you, to me is hell i hear the storm outside-first drop just hit the roof id die to see the rain, but i can not, can not move. im looking for someone to release me im waiting for an angel from my dreams im talking to all of you around me im asking you-tell me can u hear my silent scream. if living is my cross, so let me die, or crucify me now, but tell me can you hear my silent scream. time stayes still, only i can feel when the darkness will apear everyday, ive wished away, oh please, please take away my pain, im looking for someone to release me im waiting for an angel from my dreams im talking to all of you around me im asking you-tell me can u hear my silent scream. yea yea yea yea,
ing. sessiz ciglik
en yi davul performansı seçilmişliği bulunan south of heaven albümünden bir slayer şarkısı.
kırın, daatın bateriyi, babanızın malıydı... şerefsizler, allah belanızı versin.
children of bodomun sandigim o yuzden south of heavenda dinleyince sasirdigim sarki.. soloyu dinledikte sonra "slayerinmis lan cidden" dedirtir..
