jon oliva'nin sesini ve savatage'i tanimak icin iyi bir giri$ parcasi..
tori amos'un bir single'inin plural'i. (bkz: ne dedim ben)
savatage in bir albumu
boyle bir film vardi, hugh grant, elle macpherson vs oynuyordu sanki.
sirenler,foça yakınlarındaki kayalıkların ismi,rivayete göre geceleri burda deniz kızları şarkılar söylermiş ve bunları duyan denizciler de kayalıklara dogru gidip,çarpıp batarlarmış...
savatage'in 1983 cikisli ilk albumunun ismi..vokallerde jon oliva gitarda criss oliva bas gitarda keith collins ve bateride steve wacholz yer alir. thrash, hatta zaman zaman death metal'e yakin bi sound kullanmislardir bu "merhaba" albumlerinde..holocaust, sirens ve i believe albumun en basarili parcalari olup ilk donem sava klasikleri olarak hafizalarda yer edinmishlerdir
mitolojide, sesleri cok guzel ve sarki soylediklerinde denizcileri buyuleyip tuzak kurup onlari oldurmeleriyle unlu kardeslermis.tek kurtulanlar jason, argo ve odysseus mus.
bu harika "savatage" albümünde yer alan parçalar şöyledir: sirens holocaust i believe rage on the run twisted little sister living for the night scream murder out on the streets lady in disguise the message
savatage'in "sirens" albümüne ismini vermiş olan harika parçası: sirens on the sea they heard the voices sing through the storm the island's closing in they'd heard tales of lives lost at sea deserted beach just beyong their reach you're approaching the island of the sirens sirens hungry for man tonight sirens sirens claiming the sailors' lives nine men made it to a shore a night of terror lies neatly in store who are those women? are they real? is this just a crazy dream? you're approaching the island of the sirens sirens hungry for flesh tonight sirens sirens claiming the sailors' lives terror happens quickly remains till the sailor are gone they vanished in the night sirens singing their song whoa--till they're gone... all right!!
lady in disguise ve the message albümün 1994'de piyasaya sürülen versyonunda bonus track olarak yer almaktadır... ayrıca 2002 yılında piyasaya sürülen "anniversary collectors edition"da da target (demo) ve living on the edge of time (demo) ve bir tane de hidden track bulunmaktadır...
ismi turkceye denizkizlari yerine sirenler olarak cevrilmis film (bkz: turkceye sacma cevrilmis film isimleri)
bu parçanın live versiyonu* albümdeki* halinin kat be kat aşmışıdır
her ama her türlü konser versiyonu orijinalinden daha güsel olan şarkı.
zachary stevens'ta japan live 94 albümünde yorumlamıştır bu şarkıyı.gayet de güzel bir şekilde başarmıştır.
live versiyonuna bayıldığım şarkı. hele vokalistin kesin kesik çığlıklar attığı bi bölüm var ki beni benden alıyor o an.
aynı zamanda bir elefant şarkısı. everywhere i walk i feel the danger everyone around is getting stranger sunglasses and vodka in the morning sirens never came to me as a warning walking on the beach is so romantic kissing in the sand is so fantastic flying down the highways like you're wanted something in her touch has left me haunted it's a game that we play, and i don't know if i could live without you the first time was the worst, now i thirst everything about you come and tell me what you're really after an angel told me that the end was soon wasted nights flirting with disaster give me what i need to get me through it's a game that we play, and i don't know if i could live without you the last time was the worst, now i'm cursed sitting here without you without you without you come and tell me what you're really after an angel told me that the end was soon wasted nights flirting with disaster give me what i need to get me through and you're so bad, so bad... and you're so bad, so bad...
dizzee rascalın kopuk şarkısı chorus : blud when you hear them sirens coming i can hear them sirens coming better run when you hear the sirens coming i can hear them sirens coming verse 1: 1 to the 2 to the 3 to the 4 limehouse police knocking at my door 12 black boots on my bedroom floor what they want with rascal i'm not sure took me to the station eight-thirty for a fight that i had recently say they got me on cctv and them pussy homeboy told on me can't understand why these boys keep snitchin' can't understand why these boys keep bitchin' now i'm hot tempered feel like switchin' can't stand still trigger finger itchin' gotta stay calm, gotta keep my cool if i go jail i'll be a damn fool gotta rise up gotta stand up tall can't let them see the end of dizzee rascal chorus x2 yo man, let's take it back to that old-school story telling shit, get me! verse 2: 1 day i was with my bredren aint no roaming the street on the main road hungry, looking for somethin' to eat not no burger or no chips--shit that's easily digested it's the shit that if you're caught you'll be easily arrested we was on a robbing spree, i forgot to mention clayton was dis bredder rollin wit us, he was scared and it was blatant he was panned, back to the story aido spotted a man straight ahead of us in the distance with his wifey he holdin hands so we followed 'em into this little alleyway into the flats when we thought the time was perfect we crept up and we attacked, i took the first swing unexpected causin' panic we was ruthless causin' agony it was public it was tragic me and aido lost the plot acting like we was from hell put his bredder to the floor moved his wifey up as well clayton stood back shakin' wishing that he never came then from outa nowhere was alisha screaming out my name she's went my school she saw it all and by this time she's crying, and to make it worse i'm hearing sirens i ain't even tryna hide chorus x2 verse 3: i can hear them sirens coming i can hear them sirens coming i can hear them sirens coming i can hear them sirens coming i break the law i will never change i break the law i will never change i break the law i will never change step into my zone get your whole face rearranged see me on the telly but i ain't no actor running through the street brave face--it's a jaguar broad daylight no shame like a lunatic rain, hail, sleet or snow -- i ain't new to it show me what you got better give it up quickly lay them on their back if they drive by swiftly better mind out when they come through the manor man keep them on their toes like hammer, man it's no joke man, woman and child i'm seeking see no sex, no age--i'm creeping anything for the dough cold and the wheelers duck from the feds and i roll with the dealers roll with the hard heads signed young offenders no my life aint nuttin like eastenders step into my zone get your whole face rearranged i break the law i will never change
2004 çıkışlı the january tree albümünden bir dead soul tribe parçası.. hearing sirens rush away fear inside of me tearing down my innocence scream their mad confession hear the silence deafening hear the flies descend turn and face my enemy twist the knives of vengeance feel the silence penetrate deep inside of me in my sanctuary all my fears, are vanquished something inside of fight me just won't let me go tearing me, biting me, spiting me don't let it show can you make it go can you hear the voices, the choices they crawl from below hear the silent symphony hear the silent symphony hear the winding sound hear the winding sound can you hear the madness, the sadness won't let me go can you hear the voices, the choices the silent rage something inside of me some thing dividing me haunting me calling me clawing me
coroner'in de bir şarkısı var sirens diye, mental vortex kasetinde. güzel riffler, güzel sololar ve şairane sözleri olan bir thrash şarkısı. oh how i lived the game when we were dancin' on bridges high above rivers of tears and the lightness of innocence gave us wings we were sleepin' covered by darkness' black velvet so far from coldness so far from light where is the place i used to hide where are the hearts once given to me and i can feel it now the white cold hand for the first time i'm getting hurt by the thorns of the roses in my hand time is returning to its realm and it's slowly melting away like deep red wax leaving pools of blood where is the place i used to hide where are the hearts once given to me and sweet voices...turn into sirens foretelling...the presence of death
madrugada - industrial silence albümünün beşinci parçası. bu albümün tamamı gibi bu da sağlamdır. well hearts belong like rock and skin at peace with evil and all within a shadow looms above the river and fire sweeps across the land our bones are twisted in their sockets and even we must try to stand alone right here alone yeah fire in wirk beneath your skin forever let us sleep 'till sirens tear the night wide open and even we awake, love oh listen the world is awake oh, it's time for the tellers to rise and the blood of the anciest heeey alone...alone..alone...alone hear my ban with evil and alone right here alone, yeah alone alone, yeah lone, lone lone
konser versiyonu resmen sikertiyor!
2010 amerika cikisli metalcore grubu. 1 ep'leri bulunmakta. soyle ki; gates (ep - 2010) line up soyle; ari gazetas : bass dan haggerty : davul pat fitzmaurice : gitar dank bill : gitar dan boyle : vokal iyi. chapel ve the wake adli 2 sarki cikarttilar.
27 haziran 2011 ingiltere'de channel 4 da başlayan yeni komedi dizisi. http://en.wikipedia.org/…/sirens_%28uk_tv_series%29
başrollerinden birinin game of thrones'un robb stark'ı richard madden olduğu acayip eğlenceli bir dizi...konusu üç ilk yardım görevlisinin başından geçen rutin olaylar...özellikle ambulans içi diyalogları çok başarılı...güldürüyor. yalnız şöyle bir sıkıntı var...dizide çok feci bir aksan çeşitliliği mevcut, oyuncuların hepsi ingilterenin farklı bir yanındanmış...o sebepten bayaa ağır aksanlara maruz kalıyorsunuz...richard madden zaten iskoç about'u eböyt diye telaffuz ediyor, polis olan hatun da gallerliymiş kelimenin sadece ilk hecesini söyleyip gerisini izleyicinin yorumuna bırakıyor. türkçe altyazısı mevcut olmadığı için bi altyazısız izlemeyi denedim(bak bak cesarete bak)...az daha ağlayacaktım ben ingilizce bilmiyorum lan diye...sapık gibi ağzlarına baktım da anlarım belki diye yine de çözemedim arkadaş...ingilizce altyazıyla gayet anlaşılır oluyor ama.
industrial silence albümünden birmadrugada parçası. well hearts belong like rock and skin at peace with evil and all within a shadow looms above the river and fire sweeps across the land our bones are twisted in their sockets and even we must try to stand alone right here alone yeah fire in wirk beneath your skin forever let us sleep 'till sirens tear the night wide open and even we awake, love oh listen the world is awake oh, it's time for the tellers to rise and the blood of the anciest heeey alone...alone..alone...alone hear my ban with evil and alone right here alone, yeah alone alone, yeah lone, lone lone
rhys thomas'ın twitter'da yazdıklarına bakılırsa, maalesef 2. sezonu olmayacak olan nefis soundtrackli channel 4 dizisidir. ayrıca (bkz: blood, sweat & tea)
