şimdi filmi şu anki algımızla değerlendirsek, "bu ne lan??" deyip köşeye atarız- ki, filmi ben pek sevmem misal.. ancak, bu yöntem filmi doğru düzgün ele almamızı engeller bi yandan: o yüzden filmleri yapıldıkları dönem ve sonrasındaki etkileri bağlamında konumlandıran tarihsel eleştiri sularına yelken açmalıyız- ki, bu da -yine, pek sevdiğim bir yöntem değil: zira, işin ucu citizen kane'i "tüm zamanların en iyi filmi.." addetmeye çıkıyor zaman zaman: çoğu zaman -her zaman.. (http://yucitek.blogspot.com/…nu-snow-white-and.html)
aynı zamanda 1971 tarihli bir anne sexton şiiridir. no matter what life you lead the virgin is a lovely number: cheeks as fragile as cigarette paper, arms and legs made of limoges, lips like vin du rhône, rolling her china-blue doll eyes open and shut. open to say, good day mama, and shut for the thrust of the unicorn. she is unsoiled. she is as white as a bonefish. once there was a lovely virgin called snow white. say she was thirteen. her stepmother, a beauty in her own right, though eaten, of course, by age, would hear of no beauty surpassing her own. beauty is a simple passion, but, oh my friends, in the end you will dance the fire dance in iron shoes. the stepmother had a mirror to which she referred— something like the weather forecast— a mirror that proclaimed the one beauty of the land. she would ask, looking glass upon the wall, who is fairest of us all? and the mirror would reply, you are the fairest of us all. pride pumped in her like poison. suddenly one day the mirror replied, queen, you are full fair, ‘tis true, but snow white is fairer than you. until that moment snow white had been no more important than a dust mouse under the bed. but now the queen saw brown spots on her hand and four whiskers over her lip so she condemned snow white to be hacked to death. bring me her heart, she said to the hunter, and i will salt it and eat it. the hunter, however, let his prisoner go and brought a boar’s heart back to the castle. the queen chewed it up like a cube steak. now i am fairest, she said, lapping her slim white fingers. snow white walked in the wildwood for weeks and weeks. at each turn there were twenty doorways and at each stood a hungry wolf, his tongue lolling out like a worm. the birds called out lewdly, talking like pink parrots, and the snakes hung down in loops, each a noose for her sweet white neck. on the seventh week she came to the seventh mountain and there she found the dwarf house. it was as droll as a honeymoon cottage and completely equipped with seven beds, seven chairs, seven forks and seven chamber pots. snow white ate seven chicken livers and lay down, at last, to sleep. the dwarfs, those little hot dogs, walked three times around snow white, the sleeping virgin. they were wise and wattled like small czars. yes. it’s a good omen, they said, and will bring us luck. they stood on tiptoes to watch snow white wake up. she told them about the mirror and the killer-queen and they asked her to stay and keep house. beware of your stepmother, they said. soon she will know you are here. while we are away in the mines during the day, you must not open the door. looking glass upon the wall … the mirror told and so the queen dressed herself in rags and went out like a peddler to trap snow white. she went across seven mountains. she came to the dwarf house and snow white opened the door and bought a bit of lacing. the queen fastened it tightly around her bodice, as tight as an ace bandage, so tight that snow white swooned. she lay on the floor, a plucked daisy. when the dwarfs came home they undid the lace and she revived miraculously. she was as full of life as soda pop. beware of your stepmother, they said. she will try once more. snow white, the dumb bunny, opened the door and she bit into a poison apple and fell down for the final time. when the dwarfs returned they undid her bodice, they looked for a comb, but it did no good. though they washed her with wine and rubbed her with butter it was to no avail. she lay as still as a gold piece. the seven dwarfs could not bring themselves to bury her in the black ground so they made a glass coffin and set it upon the seventh mountain so that all who passed by could peek in upon her beauty. a prince came one june day and would not budge. he stayed so long his hair turned green and still he would not leave. the dwarfs took pity upon him and gave him the glass snow white— its doll’s eyes shut forever— to keep in his far-off castle. as the prince’s men carried the coffin they stumbled and dropped it and the chunk of apple flew out of her throat and she woke up miraculously. and thus snow white became the prince’s bride. the wicked queen was invited to the wedding feast and when she arrived there were red-hot iron shoes, in the manner of red-hot roller skates, clamped upon her feet. first your toes will smoke and then your heels will turn black and you will fry upward like a frog, she was told. and so she danced until she was dead, a subterranean figure, her tongue flicking in and out like a gas jet. meanwhile snow white held court, rolling her china-blue doll eyes open and shut and sometimes referring to her mirror as women do.
sergei eisenstein'ın izlediği en iyi film olduğunu belirttiği ilk uzun metraj walt disney animasyonu. seçmeyip, seçilmeyi beklemeyi öğütlüyor olması eleştirilebilir konu. ama ben daha mühim bir konuya dikkati çekmek isterim. elmanın zehrinin panzehiri bir prens tarafından öpülmek! orda o kadar tutkulu cüceler var. onlarda eminim öpse ölüyü yerinden kaldırabilecek kudrette adamlardır. hadi modern dünyanın davul bile dengi dengine mesajını da geçtim. sembolizme gelelim. elma nedir? âdem ve havva’yı hatırlayın. evet, elma ilk günahtır; şehvettir. peki, ne iyileştiriyor şehveti. romantik bir öpücük! “tavşanlar gibi düzüşmeyin. önce prensinizi bulun.“ diyor. sayın seyirciler buna inanabiliyor musunuz? küçücük el kadar çocuğun bilinçaltına soktuğuna bakar mısınız yapılan ilk animasyonun.
