the renaissance adlı topluluğun şarkısı. şarkının sözleri: "the sultan" sultan king cruel majesty ordered that his women die a single night this for all his wives takes his pleasure then their lives and so for many days with the dawn the sultan had his way wives were put to death his name on their dying breath then one day as the evening came sultan sends for him a wife choose her well charms i wish to see bring her, send her in to me then came scheherazade to his side and her beauty shone like a flower grown gentle as he'd ever known scheherazade bewitched him with songs of jewelled keys princes and of heroes and eastern fantasies told him tales of sultans and talismans and rings a thousand and one nights she sang to entertain her king she sings, scheherazade, scheherazade, etc "the young prince and the young princess as told by scheherazade" and you would cause the sun to see your light and then be shamed you cover darkness with a thousand secret flames with your love, oh my love, oh my love, my love and i would cause the winds to blow a hundred different days and bring the perfumes of the gardens of the ways of your love, oh my love, oh my love, my love crystal and the clay, nights and the days all on the prince's seal eagle of the sky, lion of the earth this is what the seal is worth, what the seal is worth holds all of the dreams of a man tapestries, wishes of man, pictures and visions of man the spirit of the soul of the man and he would vow to love her for the rest of all his days "the festival" sheherazade this day is yours the bearers of your gifts now all around you stand the finest silk made in the land is waiting for your choice it shimmers at your hand sheherazade your life is one you have today the sultan's love the people watch you step into the sun stalls and bars of every kind food piled high on woven leaves for all to eat drums and flutes at every turn the music winding, twisting through the crowded streets caravans from far away bring people laughing people come to see the sultan in baghdad today scheherazade her name is known her tale is told the sultan let her life be spared the festival begins this day to celebrate her fame the people sing her praise stories sung, the crowds are dancing to the music and the entertainment all the voices sing the people call to see the king the sultan smiles his story just begun the sultan and sheherazade are one scheherazade, scheherazade she told him tales of sultans and talismans and rings a thousand and one nights she sang to entertain her king she sings, scheherazade, sheherazade, scheherazade, etc.
24 dakikalik muhte$em $arki. renaissance'in scheherazade and other stories albumunde yeralir. (bkz: aglatan $arkilar)
başka bir şey bu parça.! kesinlikle başka bir şey.! atıp tutmak değil...kesinlikle... arkadaki orkestra zaten tüylerinizi diken diken ederken bir de annie haslam'ın sesini duyunca... carnegie hall'da çaldıkları canlı performanslarında ise kutsallaşır bu eser.!
insani bulundugu ortamdan soyutlayip zihnine boyutlar arasi slalom yaptiran muhtesem bir 20. yy senfonisi. sonlara dogru annie haslam'in bilmem kacinci oktavdan bir "scheherazadeeee" cekisi vardir (bakiniz soylerken bile tiken tiken oldum) insani cileden cikarir, hatta parcayi dinlerken her scheherazade'da "geldik mi, geldik mi orda miyiz?" diye kendinize eziyet edersiniz. oysa ki her scheherazade ayri ayri tat birakir kulaklarda. orsu/cekici kuvvetli kulaklar icindir bu sarki, her ayrintiyi yakalarsaniz inanilmaz hazlar alirsiniz (ukelayim var mi :)
