ing. kelimelerin kifayetsiz kalması durumu.
(bkz: silence speaks louder than words)
"speechless?" - nokia 7650 reklam slogani. agzinizin acik kaldigi anlarda yardiminiza nokia 7650nin yeti$ecegini soylemek ister. (bkz: see snap send)(bkz: sozlukte ford ekolu)
miyako hideaway'in b-yüzünde bulunan bir marion kaydı; söyleyecek bir şeyin kalmadığı durumların şarkısı: another day, slips away another night, passes by around, around now, i should be waiting waiting somehow but you know, it's not working…out i like your move from the start and now were hitting you hard and there is nothing for us to say or who you are now that there is nothing for us to say some other day, maybe some other night, you know it could be nice around, around now no more waiting no more letting us down i like your move from the start and now were hitting you hard and there is nothing for us to say or who you are now that there is nothing for us to say i like your move from the start and now were hitting you hard and there is nothing for us to say or who you are now that there is nothing for us to say
michael jackson'un invincible albümünden muhteşemler ötesi bir slow parça.. "your love is magical , thats's how ı feel" diye girer , aynı şekilde bitirir , atmosferi süperdir.."son dönem michael jackson en dinlenebilir şarkıları" katagorisinde 2. sıradadır kannımca..diğerleri için , 1.(bkz: you rock my world) 3.(bkz: butterflies)
carpathian forest ın 2001 de çıkarttığı morbid fascination of death albümünde bir parça. when we came through the veil of the night the fall of man we gave you our hearts the watcher the sentinel the "god" that took you away where ends our journey? we slip away and shadow falls we gave it all you found no god mankind will forever weep!!!
warp zone albümünde yer alan martyr şarkısı. "how low can you go in order to elevate yourself? judge and you will be judged." who are you to judge me ? you're worse than i could ever be who are you to condemn me ? - farther than your eyes, you can't see behold the hammer of corruption mischief and treachery behold the unfair struggle - wealth always saves the loser how far will you go to crush all the ants? how far will you go to reach the giants? - i won't cross this line you once fled - i won't cross this line you've just stamped you let your flaws dictate your laws sentencing is your role corrupted is your soul no one to blame, you played the game don't come to claim the souls you stained judge me not, as you don't understand my way - law equals justice, for those who conspired it judge me not, every word is a shade of grey - law equals justice and freedom is but a lie [lead: pier-luc lampron] [lead: daniel mongrain] crying over my faith i will not hate only in the realms of reverie - lies the ever seeked verity is life a quest for glory where i proclaimed you the king ? "life must be nice for the usurper..." - last thoughts of the innocent
şu sıralar radyolarda sıkça çalınan ve akla takılan bir clazziquai şarkısı. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun: your skin your breath and i touch you with your thousand memories and i feel your song smoothly into my ears can't take my eyes away from you i'm speechless i gotta get to you and take your hands and kiss i'm so sad and blind i feel no goal and where is my soul and sense i'm speechless i gotta get to you and take your hands and say i'm so lost but feel i make no sense and still cannot do anything you live without me and then my pain deep into my body and soul and i cry so loud to send my mind away please wake up and then take my hand i'm speechless i gotta get to you and take your hands and kiss i'm so sad and blind i feel no goal and where is my soul and sense i'm speechless i gotta get to you and take your hands and say i'm so lost but feel i make no sense and still cannot do anything
(bkz: speechless drum and bass)
bir fenix tx şarkısı. sözleri şöyle: i never said a thing to hurt you it's what i didn't say that made you cry and in all honesty i never would've deserted you i never dreamt that you would say goodbye i never said a thing to hurt you it's what i didn't say that made you cry and in all honesty i never would've deserted you i never dreamt that you would say goodbye i'll close my eyes tell another lie think of yesterday think of everything you said there's nothing left to say it's just another day without you here and it seems a long long time since you went away and i fear i'll dream another dream about you dear i'll close my eyes tell another lie think of yesterday think of everything you said there's nothing left to say i'll do another dream of you that's all that i can do i'll dream another dream today and i'll dream my life away i'll close my eyes so i don't have to see you leave tell another lie anything to keep you here think of yesterday think of everything you said i'll close my eyes tell another lie think of yesterday think of everything you said there's nothing left to say
bir michael jackson şarkısı. ahan da sözler: your love is magical, that's how i feel but i have not the words here to explain gone is the grace for expressions of passion but there are worlds and worlds of ways to explain to tell you how i feel but i am speechless, speechless that's how you make me feel though i'm with you i am far away and nothing is for real when i'm with you i am lost for words, i don't know what to say my head's spinning like a carousel, so silently i pray helpless and hopeless, that's how i feel inside nothing's real, but all is possible if god is on my side when i'm with you i am in the light where i cannot be found it's as though i am standing in the place called hallowed ground speechless, speechless, that's how you make me feel though i'm with you i am far away and nothing is for real i'll go anywhere and do anything just to touch your face there's no mountain high i cannot climb i'm humbled in your grace speechless, speechless, that's how you make me feel though i'm with you i am lost for words and nothing is for real speechless, speechless, that's how you make me feel though i'm with you i am far away, and nothing is for real speechless, speechless, that's how you make me feel though i'm with you i am lost for words and nothing is for real speechlessyour love is magical, that's how i feel but in your presence i am lost for words words like, "i love you."
sakin bir lady gaga şarkısı. the fame monster albümünden. ilk albümdeki brown eyes'ı çağrıştırıyor. * i can’t belive what you said to me last night when we were alone you threw your hands up baby you gave up, you gave up i can’t believe how you looked at me with your james dean glossy eyes in your tight jeans with your long hair and your cigarette stained lies could we fix you if you broke? and is your punch line just a joke? i’ll never talk again oh boy you’ve left me speechless you’ve left me speechless, so speechless i can’t believe how you slurred at me with your half wired broken jaw you popped my heart seams on my bubble dreams, bubble dreams i can’t believe how you looked at me with your johnnie walker eyes he’s gonna get you and after he’s through there’s gonna be no love left to rye and i know that it’s complicated but i’m a loser in love so baby raise a glass to mend all the broken hearts of all my wrecked up friends i’ll never talk again oh boy you’ve left me speechless you’ve left me speechless so speechless i’ll never love again, oh friend you’ve left me speechless you’ve left me speechless, so speechless hooow? haaaa-oooo-wow? h-ooow? wow haaaa-oooo-wow? h-ooow? wow and after all the drinks and bars that we’ve been to would you give it all up? could i give it all up for you? and after all the boys and girls that we’ve been through would you give it all up? could you give it all up? if i promise to you boy that i’ll never talk again and i’ll never love again i’ll never write a song won’t even sing along i’ll never love again so speechless you left me speechless, so speechless why you so speechless, so speechless? will you ever talk again? oh boy, why you so speechless? you’ve left me speechless some men may follow me but you choose “death and company” why you so speechless? oh oh oh
sözleri, müziği ve vokaliyle insanın içine işleyen lady gaga balladı. muhteşem!
yumuşacık bir michael jackson şarkısı.. insanı sevgilisine yeniden aşık ettirir
gaga'ya ayılmaya bayılmaya bir kez daha neden olan şarkı.canlısı için şöyle buyrunuz: http://www.youtube.com/…hglngw0yzm&playnext_from=ml
başlarında annie lennox tadı yakaladığım, kendimce sebeplerden 70'li yılları andığım lady gaga parçası.
lady gaga'nın güzel şarkılarından
cok ilginc, lady gaga speechless'inin youtube'da iki tane orijinal versiyonunu dinledim, ikisi ayni notadan baslamiyor. biri daha ust bir notadan giriyor ve oyle devam ediyor. yukleyen insan nerden bulmus nasil yapmis bilemedim. akustik falan degil yani, bildigin ikisi de klasik versiyonu sarkinin. bakin: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihemxle0yey http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nm2by7vz42m (bu daha ust bir notadan giriyor sarkiya ve sahte olan da bu.) bunun yaninda bence lady gaga'nin en guzel sarkisi.. en cok sevdigim kismi da ''raise a glass to mend all the broken hearts of all my wrecked up friends'' diye bagirdigi, bagirdigim kisim..
muhtesem otesiligiyle beni speechless birakan lady gagacan calismasidir.*
lady gaga'nın söylediğine göre, babasının geçirdiği kalp ameliyatı üzerine yazdığı bir şarkıdır bu.
"lady gaga ve slow bi parça mıı! yok canım olmaz" dedirtip dinleyince öyle de bi olurmuş ki dedirten şarkıdır. destansıdır dinlenesidir. not:bi de brown eyes var tabi sakin sakin. hıhım o da iyidir.
michael jackson'ın insanın içine işleyen, harika şarkısı. hele de o çıplak sesiyle ne de güzel söylemiş sonunu.. özledim seni michael..
alicia keys'in 4 aylık oğlu egypt'e ithafen yazdığı*, "sen geldin, ben yazamaz oldum" anafikirli yeni single'ı. şarkıda yeni mamaya eve eşlik ediyor. şarkı albüm dışıymış, alicia'nın kocası swizz beatz'in her hafta yeni (ve ücretsiz indirilebilen) bir şarkı yayınladığı web sitesine konmuş. buradan dinleyebiliyoruz. buradan da şarkıyla ilgili yapılan mini belgeseli izleyebiliyoruz. bir de sözleri kopipeystleyelim: [spoken: alicia keys] yeah you know i'm at a brand new time in my life and a brand new feeling it's like this little guy, man he takes my breath away and it feels like [verse 1: alicia keys] when i wake up in the morning babe can’t believe my eyes say there’s little part of destiny oh yeah cause you are now in my life there ain’t no man or prize oh no can’t compare to you ain’t no words to describe the way that i’m feeling when i look at you [chorus: alicia keys] i’m just speechless baby, don’t know what to say i’m just speechless baby, the poet in me has gone away i’m speechless baby, don’t know what to say i’m just speechless baby, the poet in me has gone away [verse 2: alicia keys] true love finally finds you babe life becomes a way […] oh yeah listen i don’t wanna say it only happens once if even at all feel it deep in your soul and like a fairytale your story begins yeah what a sight to behold makes you… [chorus] [verse 3: eve] in the mornings when i rise up go to the window and i smile with my eyes up stare in the clouds like wow look at my luck everyday i’m feeling better cause i know i got the best i can be proud of we can’t fall quick remember when i used to tell my girls like yo this dude think he so it think he so fly and a time you try to talk to me i’m like yo don’t even dare try i was on my solo groove i don’t want nothing i don’t need nothing man i’m good now i’m speechless cause i fell for him the poet in me died cause i fell for him [chorus] [outro:] i used to know all the words to say i used to write all the poetry but now you take my breath away
lady gaga'yı severim zaten, lakin bu çok fena olmuş.
lady gaga adlı yetenek abidesinin babası için yazdığı gayet güzel bir şarkıdır. bu ayarda başka bir gaga çalışması için; (bkz: let love down).
bir count basic sahaseri. sözlerini de yazayim tam olsun: (copy-paste degil alinteri) give me your voice cos i'am too week lend me your tongue cos i cannot speak help me to say what has to be heard i need your help to utter my words too much pain i'm speechless too much to take i'm speechless can't carry on i'm speechless is there hope for me a cry without voice no tears in my eyes life without hope dispur blur no sighs my hands are tied i cannot move show me a future to look into
lady gaga nın tırışkadan müzisyen (diyorum bak) olmadığını kanıtlayan 2. şarkı. 1.si için; (bkz: #24210796)
batman michael keaton ve superman christopher reeve'nin oynadığı romantik komedi filmi.
rahmetlinin sadece pop ve dans müziğin değil, slow ve romantik şarkıların da kralı olduğunu kanıtlayan şarkı. harikulade.
aynı zamanda beverly hills 90210 altıncı sezon altıncı bölümünün adı.
michael jackson'ın tıpkı adı gibi insanı kifayetsiz bırakan müthiş şarkısı. 2001 tarihli bahtsız son albümü invincible'da yer aldığı için tahminen sayısız insanın haberi bile yoktur bu şarkıdan. sony music albümün bütün promosyonlarını durdurmamış olsaydı ve bu şarkıya zamanında yakışır bir klip çekilseydi tahmin ediyorum ki ortalığın bir tarafına koymuştu. pop müziği, üstleri donsuz hatunların domalmalarından ibaret sanan yapay gençliğin aklına speechless denince lady gaga geliyor maalesef. buyurup bir de buradan yaksınlar : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-b3ra0gfyw
1994 tarihli, ron underwood'un yönetmiş olduğu film. 1940'ların düşman aşıklar temasını işleyen romantik filmlerini anımsatır.
yağmurlu bir havada, havanın kararmaya başladığı saatlerde, yürürken başınızı ayakkabılarınızdan kaldıracak şarkı. şarkı. şarkı gibi şarkı.
"buna şaşıracaksınız. çocuklarla almanya'daydım ve büyük bir su balonu savaşı yaptık - ciddiyim - savaşı yaptıktan sonra çok mutluydum. üst kata çıktım ve "speechless"i yazdım. eğlence bana ilham veriyor. bunu söylemekten nefret ediyorum, çünkü bu romantik bir şarkı. fakat bunu yapan bu savaştı. mutluydum ve tüm şarkıyı orada yazdım. albüm için yeterince iyi olduğuna inandım. mutluluğun dışında sihir, merak ve yaratıcılık geliyor." (michael'ın 2002'de vibe dergisine verdiği bir röportajından)
https://www.facebook.com/…php?v=417401747646&ref=mf not: gülmek yok.
