baba bush zamaninda iran'a kar$i sava$an irak'in ve saddam'in abd'den nasil destek gordugunu belgelerle a¢iklayan kitap. bu eserde dudak u¢uklatici a¢iklamalar yer almakta olup, amerika'nin okuma yazma bilinmeyen bolgelerinde yakacak olarak kullanildigi tahmin edilmektedir.
katie melua şarkısı.. oldukça güzel.. if a black man is racist, is it okay? when it's the white man's racism that made him that way, because the bully's the victim they say, by some sense they're all the same. because the line between, wrong and right, is the width of a thread, from a spider's web. the piano keys are black and white, but they sound like a million colours in your mind. i could tell you to go to war, or i could march for peace and fighting no more, how do i know which is right, and i hope he does when he sends you to fight. because the line between wrong and right, is the width of a thread from a spider's web, the piano keys are black and white, but they sound like a million colours in your mind. should we act on a blame? or should we chase the moments away? should we live? should we give? remember forever the guns and the feathers in time. because the line between wrong and right, is the width of a thread from a spider's web, the piano keys are black and white, but they sound like a million colours in your mind. the piano keys are black and white, but they sound like a million colours in your mind, but they sound like a million colours in your mind
etkileyici bir katie melua şarkısı.sözleri aşağıdaki gibidir. if a black man is racist, is it okay? when it's the white man's racism that made him that way, because the bully's the victim they say, by some sense they're all the same. because the line between, wrong and right, is the width of a thread, from a spider's web. the piano keys are black and white, but they sound like a million colours in your mind. i could tell you to go to war, or i could march for peace and fighting no more, how do i know which is right, and i hope he does when he sends you to fight. because the line between wrong and right, is the width of a thread from a spider's web, the piano keys are black and white, but they sound like a million colours in your mind. should we act on a blame? or should we chase the moments away? should we live? should we give? remember forever the guns and the feathers in time. because the line between wrong and right, is the width of a thread from a spider's web, the piano keys are black and white, but they sound like a million colours in your mind. the piano keys are black and white, but they sound like a million colours in your mind, but they sound like a million colours in your mind
zıtlıklar ve neyin doğru neyin yanlış olduğu konusunda kafası karışık sözlere sahip bir katie melua şarkısı. sonuçta bu karmaşayı "the piano keys are black and white, but they sound like a million colours in your mind" diyerek çözüyor, beni de benden alıyor katiecim. sözleri bir yana müziği ve sesi de süper bir şarkı, pek çok katie melua şarkısı gibi. az kişinin bildiği süper şarkılara müstesna bir örnektir aynı zamanda ..
orjinal videosu şu şekilde olan mükemmel katie melua şarkısıdır. özellikle; if a black man is racist, is it okay? if it's the white man's racism that made him that way, because the bully's the victim they say, by some sense they're all the same." ve "i could tell you to go to war, or i could march for peace and fighting no more, how do i know which is right, and i hope he does when he sends you to fight." sözleriyle ders verir, ardından ise, "because the line between wrong and right, is the width of a thread from a spider's web," diyerek kenara iter insanı.
her şarkısı ortalamanın üstünde veya muhteşem olan katie melua'nın en sevdiğim üç şarkısından biri. hem sözleri hem de müziği çok güzel ve anlamlı. diğer favorilerim ise nine million bicycles ve a moment of madness. bu dönemde böyle güzel müzik yapan birilerinin olması da ayrıca güzel ve umut verici. umarım daha uzun seneler dinleyebiliriz kendisini.
