grave digger'ın "the grave digger" albümünde yer alan harika parça: spirits of the dead the war is over and people lying, dead and buried in mother earth corpses cover the ground and the world is dying, dead and buried an eternal birth alone and unknown they are lying there, awaken madness and sweetest sadness visions of the dark night, a waking dream of life and light barks cross the river death, rain comes down upon their head. soulless creatures, bloodless shadows isolation all around spirits of the dead are calling the unholy side by side bloody hope to mortals given spirits of the dead crawling through the night captured by insanity, captured by reality, looking back in melancholy the good and bad, the worst and best, now they've gone to there eternal rest soulless creatures, bloodless shadows isolation all around spirits of the dead are calling the unholy side by side bloody hope to mortals given spirits of the dead crawling through the night
cok etnik baslayan ve gayet tek duze devam eden ustune bi de adamı bayan gothica parcası.. like a fast start is the sonorous wake, a voice made of numberless voices. i’m turning round, looking for you, but your sound springs from inside. you reality without essence, eternal fire and icy pallor. tell me where you are from, thou obscure inhabitants of dark. are you meloudious and bewitching or terrifying and deceptive?
aynı zamanda visit of the dead diye de bilinen bir edgar allan poe siiri.. thy soul shall find itself alone 'mid dark thoughts of the grey tomb-stone; not one, of all the crowd, to pry into thine hour of secrecy. be silent in that solitude, which is not loneliness- for then the spirits of the dead, who stood in life before thee, are again in death around thee, and their will shall overshadow thee; be still. the night, though clear, shall frown, and the stars shall not look down from their high thrones in the heaven with light like hope to mortals given, but their red orbs, without beam, to thy weariness shall seem as a burning and a fever which would cling to thee for ever. now are thoughts thou shalt not banish, now are visions ne'er to vanish; from thy spirit shall they pass no more, like dew-drop from the grass. the breeze, the breath of god, is still, and the mist upon the hill shadowy, shadowy, yet unbroken, is a symbol and a token. how it hangs upon the trees, a mystery of mysteries!
federico fellini, louis malle ve roger vadim imzaları taşıyan, edgar allan poe'nun kısa öykülerinden oluşmuş, 68 yapımı üçleme. histoires extraordinaires adıyla da bilinir.
oldukça tuhaf bi yapım. birinci filmde bıyıklı türk tipli amcanın neden ve nerden çıktığını hala çözemedim, kendisi bir an görünür ve kaybolur.
