ing spring'in geçmiş zamanı, aynı zamanda yaylı anlamına gelen kelime.
alm. ziplayis
therapy?'nin one cure fits all albümünün açılış parçası. şu anda http://www.therapyquestionmark.co.uk/…ecurefitsall/ adresinden dinlemek mümkün. beklediğime göre daha yumuşak bir parça olmasına rağmen son derece damardan. albüm çıkana kadar insanın ağzının suyunun akmasına neden oluyor. ama ne de olsa therapy? sözleri şöyle: i've reached that point again there's decisions to be made prioritise and organise foundations for the future well i've seen it all before feels like a previous life i got it wrong back then this time i've got to get it right they didn't believe me then they won't believe me now they won't believe me anyhow a fearless, reckless life can have consequences but still i'd rather feel something i'd rather take my chances they didn't believe me then they won't believe me now they won't believe me anyhow they didn't believe me then they won't believe me now you're on your own don't take it lying down don't take it lying down don't take it lying down don't take it lying down don't take it lying down don't take it lying down don't take it lying down they didn't believe me then they won't believe me now they won't believe me anyhow they didn't believe me then they won't believe me now you're on your own don't take it lying down
aynı zamanda bir queensberry şarkısı imiş... bende yeni buldum da ondan, queensberry' de kim ki demeyin lütfen, araştırın yazın biz de öğrenelim buyurun bu da sözleri, benden sonra arayan daha rahat bulsun diye, ayrıca tatlı hoş bi şarkı kendisi. still in bed thinking about his kisses oh, what a night what's his name? i think i'll miss him the smell of eggs he's cooking in my kitchen is he for real? gonna make it hard to ditch him got me sprung on you what you tryin' to do? it was supposed to be just one night with you now you're in my head instead of in my bed it was supposed to be just one night with you la la la la la la la la (with you) la la la la la la la la la (la la la la la) la la la la la la la la la what do i do? i play it cool, i lose him next thing i know we're on the floor, i'm sweating he's got a plan and he knows it's working yeah, here's the man say my name, i'm admitting... i'm admitting got me sprung on you what you tryin' to do? it was supposed to be just one night with you now you're in my head instead of in my bed it was supposed to be just one night with you sprung on you i'm sprung on you sprung on you i'm sprung on you no, this just isn't me i said i'd never be caught up slipping i can't do that baby, stay don't you go 'cause i know once you're home i'll be calling you to come back to me got me sprung on you (sprung on you) what you tryin' to do? (tryin' to do) it was supposed to be (supposed to be) just one night with you (one night with you) now you're in my head (in my head) instead of in my bed (in my bed) it was supposed to be (supposed to be) just one night (a night with you) got me sprung on you (sprung on you) what you tryin' to do? (tryin' to do) it was supposed to be (supposed to be) just one night with you (one night with you) now you're in my head (supposed to be) instead of in my bed (supposed to be) it was supposed to be (one night) just one night (one night with you) with you sprung on you (with you) i'm sprung on you (got me sprung) sprung on you i'm sprung on you
ing. sokak jargonunda uyuşturucu maddeye yeni başlayan kişi.
almanca'da springen fiilinin isim hali. -ung ile bitmesine rağmen die artikeline sahip olmayan bildiğim tek kelime. der sprung, çoğulu die sprunge.
