guzel bir hammerfall sarkisi.
rainbow'un da var bu isimde bir adet cali$masi.
(bkz: stone cold crazy)
(bkz: stone cold jesus) bir overkill sarkisi.
nami diger james austin.wwf'in en unlu gurescilerinden birisi.
hammerfall'un "glory to the brave" albümünde yer alan güzel parça: stone cold outcast a time of war, when mankind lost control of life and death, under surveillance i watch the children pray, while god just turns away out in the ruins they seek shelter these streets were once my home, but those golden days are gone, now i'm fighting to survive stone cold, the end of our dream the sword is on the street, it's kill or to be killed with no exception you are on your own we should have seen it all along, the writings on the wall, tell me what have we become stone cold ... who do you belive in now, when the prophecy came true, the final deja vu these streets were once my home ... stone cold ...
rainbow - straight between the eyes - 02 every night i have the same old dream 'bout you and me and what's in between so many changes, so many lies try to run, try to hick from everything that i feel inside but i can't escape you, or your frozen eyes... searching in the darkness fading out of sight love was here and gone like a thief in the night... stone cold... and i knew you so well stone cold can't break away from your spell another dark and empty night it was wrong i wanna make it night but you are so distant, so far away your words like ice fall on the ground breaking the silence without a sound oh familiar strangers, with nothing to say searching in the darkness fading out of sight love was here and gone like a thief in the night stone cold... and i thought i knew you so well... stone cold... i can't break away from your spell... you leave me stone cold searching in the darkness fading out of sight love was here and like a thief in the night stone cold... and i thought i knew you so well you stone cold... yeah i can't break away from your spell you stone cold... baby i thought i knew you so well you're stone cold... ice cold... can't break away from your spell (you put me in the deep freeze) (oh baby don't you leave me) (stone... cold, your leavin' me cold) stone cold... i thought i knew you so well stone cold... can't break away from your spell
hissiyatini di$a vurmayan, oldukca soguk kanli insanlara verilen ingilizce lakap.
2004 yapımı, robert harmonun yönettiği başrolünde tom selleckin yer aldığı tv filmi. adını hatırlamadığım bir yazarın aynı"adlı romanından uyarlanmış.
(bkz: stone cold steve austin)
(bkz: stone cold bush)
(bkz: stone cold crazy)
rainbow'un bu şarkısında intro müzik girince insan birden "the doors" şarkısı başladı sanıyor. bu yanılgı, the doors ile özdeşleşmiş klavye tonlarının aynısına sahip olmasından dolayıdır.
(bkz: stone cold sober)
aynı zamanda baywatch on birinci sezon beşinci bölümünün adı.
http://www.youtube.com/…cc3hdc4ki&feature=endscreen yıllardır içimde tuttuğum şu omuz hareketini yapan joe lynn turner gibi evde kollarımı sıkıp sıton kold diye bağırmak istiyorum. *
