i am kloot şarkısı-natural history albümünden... hell for leather, lathered, drunk, you’re soused, you’re pissed, you’re sunk, the juke box now is drunk just along the way,. i had a call last saturday to say i’d thrown my friends away, reversed the charges on them all, i made a lot of calls. is there a storm coming or are we just another shower? is this a storm warning? has someone just cut the power? is there a storm coming or are we just another shower? is there a storm coming? coming coming i would have kept you free from harm rang the bells or raised alarms, i would have kept them all at bay except i thought i heard you say, you’re the leper boy you can’t come in the monkey god is now you’re king, you’re out, you’re in, you’re out, you’re in, you’re out, you’re in, you’re out... is there a storm coming or are we just another shower? is this a storm warning? has someone just cut the power? is there a storm coming or are we just another shower? is there a storm coming coming coming
bulutlar, fırrtınalarr geliyorr uyarısı
harika bir textures şarkısı. silhouettes albümünden. progressive metal ve türevleri sevenlere tavsiye in pain there's a lesson - in blood there's a slithering form traveling through the veins, through the body, amending - burnt skin and broken bones don't deny it: we're all snakes at first, and then we change again we are the strangers of today - reach out, forever in the dark in pain there's a moment in blood there's a final story written so the better you make me i'm less man and more machine engaged in guessing, i'm lost for words - i'm never gone reach out for the serpent - washing the dirt of ages away reach out for the serpent ask yourself: is this worth a reversed evolution? we're acting like a tidal wave, crushing all that oppose us - higher face the final legendary terminal new world disorder pain has hypnotizing voice and it calls your name - higher so you want steady, you're gonna get steady so you want unsteady, you're gonna get unsteady look away - eyes turn black - it's raining now it's angry now, clawing it's way out and then i shove the sun onto the light - the silence comes my freedom comes from inside - tension relieved and i save myself from you - rescue me now and you'll find your way back home, to find what you look for nothing, i said nothing - i guess i've always been stuck on the wrong side snakehead, you can't see me - wherever i go, you go along break it, i said break it - destruction will bring something new to the spectrum poison, suck the poison - wherever you go, i go along
son yıllarda avustralya'dan devamlı vasatı geçemeyen korku-gerilim filmleri çıkıp duruyor. 2007 yapımı "storm warning" de onlardan biri. bir karı koca avustralya'nın vahşi tabiatında tekneleriyle gezerken kaybolurlar ve bir çiftlik evine sığınırlar. pek de misafirperver olmayan çiftliğin sakinleri onlara kabus dolu bir gece yaşatacaktır. korku sinemasında bir hayli kullanılan "tırlatmış cani aile" temalı bir film. ismindeki storm ile pek bir ilgisi yok. kan ve şiddet orta düzeyde, kötü roldeki elemanların oyunculukları başarılı. yine de pek sürpriz içermeyen "storm warning" 4/10 notunu hakediyor. --- spoiler --- kadının vajinasına koyduğu kalemtraş, babanın dal t.şak kaçması, köpeğin sahibine dalması, ufak elemanın yüzünün parçalanması ve kadının harrison ford çakması denyo kocası...güzel şeyler bunlar. --- spoiler ---
aynı zamanda beverly hills 90210 yedinci sezon yirmi üçüncü bölümünün adı.
şöyle ağız tadıyla gürleyecek miyiz yoksa kıytırık bi yağmur muyuz diye soran, soruşturan i am kloot şarkısı.
