running wild'ın "blazon stone" albümünde yer alan harika parça: straight to hell the sky's swirling black and choking fog blots out the sun the last echo is silenced new dark age has begun the count-down was final red button ran out of control no deposits required paradise won't take your soul a living hell for the stumbling few paying the price for the likes of you the once green earth is scattered with horror and grey no winners, just losers who die with a few month's delay the count-down was final red button ran out of control no deposits required paradise won't take your soul a living hell for the stumbling few paying the price for the likes of you man's not immortal dispite killers bunkered so deep a voice in the darkness warned against blind folded leap a living hell for the stumbling few paying the price for the likes of you.
bir the clash şarkısı..
rage'in "welcome to the other side" albümünde yer alan harika parça: straight to hell hear me, what i've got to say i know you and get you anyway see me walking by your side i'm with you forever day and night hey man, i'm your worst choice you don't know, i want it so hey man, i'm your dark voice you don't know where we will go straight to hell, straight to hell listen, listen what you say i've taught you and you have learned your lesson feel me, when you feel the pain i want you and i am going to get you.. anyway i look like the easy way the truth to be found i seem to be innocent i'm coming around, i'm coming around i'm your worst choice you don't know, i want it so hey man, i'm your dark voice you don't know where we will go you don't know where we will go straight to hell, straight to hell i look like the easy way the truth to be found i seem to be innocent i'm coming around, i'm coming around i'm your worst choice you don't know, i want it so hey man, i'm your dark voice you don't know where we will go you don't know where we will go straight to hell, straight to hell
tekdüzeliğine rağmen 5.5 dakika uzatılmasıyla -başta pek "cool" görünse de- oldukça iç bayan the clash şarkısı. tabi albüm veya radyoda çaldığında birkaç saniyesi yakalanıp dinlenirse oldukça sakin ve keyifli*** oluyor - ona sözüm yok.
heather nova da soylemistir ve yine ruhunuzun bir kismini almistir. "go straight to hell boys!!" demistir ama heather nova yorumunu dinlerseniz sozlerin biraz daha farkli oldugunu goreceksiniz. if you can play on the fiddle how's about a british jig and reel? speaking king's english in quotation as railhead towns feel the steel mills rust water froze in the generation clear as winter ice this is your paradise there ain't no need for ya go straight to hell boys y'wanna join in a chorus of the amerasian blues? when it's christmas out in ho chi minh city kiddie say poppa poppa poppa poppa san take me home see me got photo photo photograph of you mamma mamma mamma-san of you and mamma mamma mamma-san lemme tell ya 'bout your blood bamboo kid it ain't coca-cola, it's rice straight to hell oh poppa-san please take me home oh poppa-san everybody they wanna go home so mamma-san says you wanna play mindcrazed banjo on the druggy drag ragtime u.s.a.? in parkland international hah! junkiedom u.s.a. where procaine proves the purest rock man groove and rat poison the volatile molatov says pssst... hey chico we got a message for ya vamos vamos muchacho from alphabet city all the way a to z, dead, head go straight to hell can you really cough it up loud and strong the immigrants they wanna sing all night long it could be anywhere most likely could be any frontier any hemisphere no man's land and there ain't no asylum here king solomon he never lived round here go straight to hell boys
moby'nin editi ile de guzeldir.
1999 yılında yayınlanmış tribute slayer albümü. 1-brutal truth - necrophobic 2-abbadon of venom - south of heaven 3-the electric hellfire club - south of heaven 4-hypocrisy - black magic 5-hecate enthroned - altar of sacrifice 6-mortician - piece by piece 7-chapter 7 - mandatory suicide 8-jungle rot - fight till death 9-gigantor - behind the crooked cross 10-naked lunch - blood red 11-brood - angel of death 12-dissection - anti christ 13-embraze - chemical warfare
bir zikir havasında seyreden the clash şarkısı. tahmini dayanma süresi 10 saniye..
aslında iyi ve eşlik edilesi bi the clash parçası.* bir de lily allen yorumu mevcut o da iyidir.
m.i.a., the clash'e ait olanından sample almış, paper planes yapmış; biliverin.
