billy ocean soylerdi bu sarkıyı
ing. aniden. (bkz: sudden)
aynı zamanda ritmik bir gala şarkısıdır, sözleri şu şekildedir; and anywhere you go you're gonna hear a song it says remember who you are and what you want you used to know it as a kid now you song something else but life is too short better listen to yourself suddenly, like a scream you can't hear suddenly, that's the sound of your fear suddenly, like a voice in the dark suddenly, that's the beat of your heart suddenly, like a scream you can't hear suddenly, that's the sound of your fear suddenly, like a voice free and strong suddenly, that's the sound of your song you try to forget but it's impossible that song stays in your head and it's unbearable it says remember who you are remember what you want it whispers your name don't wait until it's gone suddenly, like a scream you can't hear suddenly, that's the sound of your fear suddenly, like a voice in the dark suddenly, that's the beat of your heart suddenly, like a scream you can't hear suddenly, that's the sound of your fear suddenly, like a voice free and strong suddenly, that's the sound of your song
lionel ritchie'den dinledigimde bunu yapan insan olamaz dedigim parca.
aniden
bir superchick şarkısı. beauty from pain albümünden. she feels lost in her life treading water just to keep from slipping under and she wonders if she's where she's supposed to be tired for trying to do it right her dreams are just to far away to see how steps she's making might be taking her to who she'll be chorus: and suddenly it isn't what it used to be and after all this time it worked out just fine and suddenly i am where i'm supposed to be and after all the tears i was supposed to be here she feels locked in her own life scared of what she might lose if she moves away from who she was and she's afraid of being free there's a way she knows is right she can't feel the things she knows and so each step she's taking is a step of faith toward who she'll be chorus and here where the night is darkest black she feels the fear and the light is farthest back and through her tears she can't see the dawn is coming skies will clear and the light will find her where she's always been. chorus
lionel richie nin hello sunu çok andıran billy ocean şarkısı. akorları tıpatıp aynıdır.
raul midon şarkısı... suddenly, i see the things i used to see so differently. i feel as if i’ve found a new reality. suddenly, the noise outside my window is a symphony. a symphony of endless possibility, right in front of me. winter’s cold, cold enough to chill you through and through. and i don’t know, why the people passing by, they just don’t seem to care. suddenly, i understand the meaning of eternity. i’m reaching out my hand to touch you, now i see suddenly
arash'ın çocuksu bir vaha aşkı tadı yaşatan, hareketli parçası. rebecca ile düet yapmış. (parantez içinde ingilizce tercumesi vardır arash ın söylediği kısımların.) [rebecca] suddenly i'm flying, flying high in the sky i can feel that i can catch the moon the wind whispers you're gonna be here soon [arash] eshghe man, to hamooni ke age baa man bemooni to mitooni, to mitooni, mano be aarezoom beresooni ey ghorboone khandidanet, ghorboone raghsidanet na mesle to peyda nemishe, na na na na be khodaa nemishe! (my love, you are the same that if say with me you can, you can, bring me to my wish i love your laugh, love your dance no there is nobody like you, no no no no promiss by good there isn't) [rebecca] suddenly i'm flying, flying high in the sky i can feel that i can catch the moon the wind whispers you're gonna be here soon suddenly i'm dreaming, i'm walking under the sun as the morning comes and i wake up you are with me and the sun is up [arash] mitarsam een dastaat ye kaari bede be dastam! ey eshghe man joonam fadaat, bezaar bemoonam baahaat ghorboone range laabaat, beri babaa mimiram baraat! az daste man hey dar naro, hey hey invaro oonvar naro baba divoone misham naro, na na na na az pisham naro! (i'm afraid that you make me problems my love i will donate my life for you, let me stay with you love the colour of your lips, if you go i will die for you! don't go away from me, dont go there or where hey you crazy don't left, no no no no don't go away from me) [rebecca] suddenly i'm flying, flying high in the sky i can feel that i can catch the moon the wind whispers you're gonna be here soon suddenly i'm dreaming, i'm walking under the sun as the morning comes and i wake up you are with me and the sun is up suddenly i'm flying, flying high in the sky i can feel that i can catch the moon the wind whispers you're gonna be here soon suddenly i'm dreaming, i'm walking under the sun as the morning comes and i wake up you are with me and the sun is up suddenly i'm flying, flying high in the sky i can feel that i can catch the moon the wind whispers you're gonna be here soon suddenly i'm dreaming, i'm walking under the sun as the morning comes and i wake up you are with me and the sun is up [arash] mitarsam een dastaat ye kaarï bede be dastam! (i'm afraid that you make me problems!)
1954 yapımı, baş rolünde frank sinatra'nın oynadığı hollywood filmi. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0047542/
jäje johanson* prologue best of the early years 1996-2002 albümünde yer alan ve sözlerini hiçbir yerde bulamadığım muhteşem şarkısı.
hayattayken bir kez de peter griffin'den dinlenmesi gereken şarkı. öldükten sonra dinlerseniz bir anlamı kalmaz.
muhtesem peter heppner sarkisi. sozleri; i don't give a fuck what you say i don't want to hear no lies from you today you wonder why you stand all alone bu mayby you just reap what you've sown and suddenly… you find you're in so deep the more you try in vain to free yourself again the deeper you will fall … won't you? a thousend time i've lent a helping hand i'm not asling for a „thanks“ don't misunderstand but you're hiding from the truth if you think that you don't need a friend aren't you? a long descending road, i've been told lies out there in the cold for those alone and suddenly … all the things that you have done … one by one… are just coming back to you … so they do… and suddenly …
bir demotivational poster teması. (bkz: very demotivational) genelde fotoğrafın altına kocaman "suddenly, x" altına da "thousands of them!" şeklinde fotoğrafta göze batan nesneler yazılır. http://i56.tinypic.com/2db31hj.jpg http://i53.tinypic.com/33xbq7k.jpg http://i55.tinypic.com/357hgfa.jpg http://i55.tinypic.com/23mopcy.jpg http://i53.tinypic.com/nmho34.jpg farklı bir suddenly çalışması için: http://i54.tinypic.com/2vm6exk.jpg (bkz: yesterday)*
billy ocean şarkısının sözleri muhtemelen daha yazılmış fakat silinmiştir. copy paste olarak hizmetim olsun. i used to think that love was just a fairy tale until that first hello until that first smile. but if i had to do it all again i wouldn't change a thing 'cause this love is everlasting. suddenly - life has new meaning to me. there's beauty up above and things we never take notice o yyou wake up and suddenly you're in love. girl you're everything a man could want and more. one thousand words are not enough to say what i feel inside. holding hands as we walk along the shore never felt like this before now you're all i'm living for. suddenly - life has new meaning to me. . . . each day i pray this love affair would last forever. suddenly - life has new meaning to me. . . .there's beauty up above and things we never take notice of you wake up and suddenly you're in love. yhere's beauty up above and things we never take notice of you wake up and suddenly you're in love.
bt'nin 6. albümü these hopeful machines'in açılış parçası. çok ta güzel açılış parçası. bt bu albümle grammy'e aday oldu.
strong albümünden bir thomas anders şarkısı. burdan dinlenebilir. sözleri, i will never look for a simple way and i have to bare every single wave i have nothing to deplore even nothing to look for i need something never felt before baby! shake me suddenly take a part of me make me feel something unreal make it suddenly oh, inside of me make me glow losing control shake me suddenly take a part of me make me feel something unreal make it suddenly oh, inside of me make me glow baby... there is no other actor in my play you can not let me go or make me stay 'cause i don't need all this stuff just a smile to gain your love i am star both here and above shake me suddenly take a part of me make me feel something unreal make it suddenly oh, inside of me make me glow losing control you may only watch have no right to touch i am here, i am close like a thorny rose you'll become insane if i only say what you want to do baby! shake me suddenly take a part of me make me feel something unreal make it suddenly oh, inside of me make me glow losing control baby! shake me suddenly take a part of me
evlilik arifesinde "dans parcamiz ne olsun?" diye soran butun arkadaslarima, alternatifsiz onerdigim billy ocean parcasi. bugun fark ettim ki bi tanesi bile bu parcayla dans etmedi. hep bi bryan adams'lar falan. o degil, mustakbel esimi ikna edemezsem (ki ikna etmek mi yoksa sivrisinege bal yaptirmak mi diye sorsalar, deveye hendek atlatma bonusuyla birlikte ikincisini secerim) komik bi sekilde bana da bir faydasi dokunmayacak (en azindan daha birkac yilim var sanirim).
2003 yilinda altin lale kazanmis fransiz filmi. hafizamda oykusu cok yer etmemis. kacarak yasayan vahsi iki lezbiyen kizin hikayesiydi sanirsam. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0324158/
bir creed parçası.
