laying on your holy bed by the hallowed door feeling like an infidel not worthy of your call tempted by your innocence beckoned to my fate i won't face the consequence i wouldn't hesitate i'm a man of flesh and bone rapture, rushing through my veins passion, flaming, in my heart heavenly surrender once again, yeah shackled like an animal chained to my desires just another sacrifice to love's eternal fires tame me with your tenderness and break my brittle heart easily and elegantly tear my world apart i'm a man of flesh and bone rapture, rushing through my veins passion, flaming, in my heart heavenly surrender once again, yeah we're living in a world full of illusion everything is so unreal my mind is in a state of confusion but i can't deny the way i feel i'm a man of flesh and bone rapture, rushing through my veins passion, flaming, in my heart heavenly surrender i'm a man of flesh and bone rapture, rushing through my veins passion, flaming, in my heart, yeah sözleriyle pek duyulamamış bir dm şarkısıdır. 1998 yılında çıkmıştır.
cuma günleri buddha da sahne alan, sempatik solist sahibi cover grubu
1999 tarihli chemical brothers albumu. biraderlerin musikiye karsi sorumluluklarini koruyarak baslayip hayal alemlerine teslim olarak bitirdikleri iyi bir dans albumu*. ortak calismalar da meyvesini vermis**, guzel sonuclar alinmis, uzun vadeli dostluklar kurulmustur.
(bkz: i surrender)
bir de jj72'nin böyle bir sarkisi var. my stupid short hall swimming flight engulfed with my magic light days of years years of days to go and everythings upside down and down around we go but still my thoughts are surrendered bang and light that's all they do beings like gods there are too few holding on to the last dance tonight and everythings upside down and down around we go but still my thoughts are surrendered pale face in a beach scent piers of nothing remain cement days of school learning how to smile and everythings upside down and down around we go but still my thoughts are surrendered bang and light that's all they do beings like gods there are too few holding on to the last dance tonight and everythings upside down and down around we go but still my thoughts are surrendered
arkadasin enistesi alper'in solistligini yaptigi eglenceli musiki grubu.su siralar persembe line'da cuma buddhada cumartesileri de james joyce'da sahne aliolar.
arise from thorns'un before an audience of stars albümünde bulunan parçanın sözleri... and we danced all through the night in these fields of black and gold and the sun it never rose… i dreamed my self love’s hero does distance defeat desire? combined with time we stood alone in these fields of black and gold and we danced all through the night in these fields of black and gold and the sun it never rose and the moon it never died before an audience of stars staged within a perfect sky when will you open your heart to me and dry these falling tears of mine always at a loss for your victory forfeit myself to you and here we are i’m giving in when will you surrender to me?
1999'da yayinlanmis chemical brothers'in olgunluk donemi albumu. exit planet dust ile big beat alfabesini yazan grubun, dig your own hole ile yarattigi gaz-saykodelik-rock-dans muzigi estetigini kitlelere mal ettigi, ticari ama yine de cok saglam, bernard sumner, bobby gillespie, hope sandoval katkili isi. grubun kraftwerk-new order geleneginin son halkasi oldugunun ispati. gaz-otesi hey girl hey boy, out of control [videosu da muthisti]'in yani sira, kraftwerk esintili music response, noel gallagher katkisi ile let forever be, olabildigince saykodelik the sunshine underground, hope sandoval'in uykulu vokali ile enfes after hours sarkisi asleep from day en onde duranlar, ama geri kalani da yabana atilmayacak derecede iyi.
solisti su anda guney afrikada bulunan cover grubu.
soulstice illusion albümünden güzel bir şarkı..
martin goreun yanılmıyorsam finlandiya veya danimarka da söylediği, canlı versiyonu albüm versiyonundan daha iyi olan depeche mode şarkısı.
stryper'ın soldiers under command albümünden leziz 1 parça.
bu kelimeyi bir black jack masasinda acilan ilk kagitlardan sonra krupiyere söylerseniz, ortaya koydugunuz paranin yarisindan feragat ederek o eli oynamak istemediginizi belirtir.
bir savatage parçası olarak da poets and madmen albümünde yer almaktadır... when in your life did you surrender late in the night do you remember what were the dreams that you betrayed then would you go back if you could save them now did you believe there was something more waiting behind some forgotten door or was that all long before you felt the pressure grow inside your brain where every nerve is on fire you start to wonder if you're going insane it's not a fate you desired time is running down moments of reason that we hope to find are we a thought somewhere in god's mind a work of art that he has never signed no children and mirrors have no memory they reflect us for that is all they see they are the us that is still yet to be and so we carry on the clock is ticking and your growing afraid that the end will be violent you walk the edges all around your own grave and the gods they are silent or can not be found searching your mind for correspondence from joseph and mary and their only son is their silence something you have done no and in the end what have you defied to end up so nearly crucified just let me know when you decide that all hope is gone come and see him dying for it's really quite a show walking on a wire though he never seems to know even when he's falling you can see a little smile figures that he's flying only for a little while the ground is rushing towards him but he never sees it there lives his life in pieces always taking every dare what will be the ending well i'm sure that i don't know the ground is getting closer come and see the show see the show see the show see the show
eloy'un performance albumunun 4. $arkisi. i surrender to your logical sense where bad and good are black and white where it's easy to point out who is wrong who's to be damned and who is alright there will be a niche for me somewhere in your sketch-book world it's down to categories it's down to the death of fantasy i surrender to your will to unite 'we' is holy and 'i' doesn't count where i follow the winds of my time majorities rule out doubt i'll cheer along and stay in line step a step your sketch-book world it's bound to categories it's down to the death of fantasy one is barely nothing - i surrender only whispers - i surrender can't call out loud - i surrender may i just be dust in this world still this world is made of me may i cry out against the wind it will always carry me i'll cheer along and stay in line step a step your sketch-book world it's bound to categories it's down to the death of fantasy we praise conformity mesmerized by unity
başarılı diyebileceğim bir evanescence şarkısı aynı zamanda.
(bkz: sunset boulevard)
hoş bir evanescence şarkısı; sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun is this real enough for you you were so confused now that you’ve decided to stay we’ll remain together you can’t abandon me you belong to me breathe in and take my life in you no longer myself only you there’s no escaping me my love surrender darling there’s no sense in running you know i will find you everything is perfect now we can live forever you can’t abandon me you belong to me breathe in and take my life in you no longer myself only you there’s no escaping me my love surrender breathe in and take my life in you no longer myself only you there’s no escaping me my love surrender surrender surrender
1998 yilinda only when i lose myself'in b-side'i olarak yayinlanan, en az onun kadar vurucu olan sarki. ancak martin l gore'un yazabilecegi bir sarki ki sozleri duyunca bu sarkinin yazildigi kadin olmak istiyor insan. hatta isterse gitsin baska kadinlarla beraber olsun, hakkidir; bu kadar tutkuyla yalniz basa cikamaz hicbir kimse. bir nevi mecnun'un leyla icin collere dusup sonradan leyla'yi da asip baska boyutlara yukselen aski gibi.. martin yazarken boyle birsey dusunmusmudur bilinmez ama tasavvufi yonleri de olan bir sarki; yani birgun semazenlerin bu sarki esliginde sema ettiklerini gorsem sasirmam, hatta eteksiz dalarim aralarina. surrender'dir sarkinin ismi ama boyle bir sarkinin sahibinin gidip te teslim olabilecegi mecra yoktur.. ayrica melodik olarak "perkusyonun olayim anam!" demek istedigim sarkidir da kendileri..
bir zamanlar james joyce irish pub da cumartesi akşamları çıkan gruptu. u2 yu en iyi coverlayan türk grubu idi kanımca. harika bir sahne performansı ve geniş bir repertuarları vardı. vokalistleri güney afrikaya gitti, grup dağıldı*.
ayni zamanda bir adi da whisper olan evanescence sarkisi.
u2'nun war adli albumunde bulunan vasat bir sarki. sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun: oh, the city's alight with lovers and lies bright blue eyes oh, the city is bright it's brighter than day tonight surrender, surrender surrender, surrender sadie said she couldn't work out what it was all about and so she let go now sadie's on the street and the people she meets you know she tried to be a good girl and a good wife raise a good family lead a good life it's not good enough she got herself up on the 48th floor gotta find out find out what she's living for surrender, surrender surrender, surrender tonight... oh, the city's afire a passionate flame it knows me by name oh, the city's desire to take me for more and more it's in the street, getting under my feet it's in the air, it's everywhere my love for you it's in the things i do and say if i wanna live i gotta die to myself someday papa sing my sing my sing my song papa sing my sing my sing my song...
all saints'in 2000 yılında çıkan ikinci albümü saints and sinners'ın süper şarkısı. sebebi william orbit imzası taşımasıymış, sonradan öğrendim. something in the wine that accentuates the mood i'm like a child at school you're the blackboard i concentrate on you you close the curtains, i am certain this is more than fun your fingers remove my clothes (as you let go) beneath the floor one by one i feel so sweet as you kiss my feet and you undress me as i ... i feel so sweet as you kiss my feet and you undress me as i surrender my... surrender bounds you surrender, surrender surrender, surrender surrender, surrender surrender, surrender my... like a flower, you unfold leading a dance all on your own and like a dead man i dont move this is my moment, this is my moment, this is my moment a magical moment this is my moment, this is my moment, this is my moment, a magical moment surrender, surrender surrender, surrender surrender, surrender surrender, surrender my... see like, i believe that when two people meet, and express themselves, its truly sweet. its a great form of communication, but it has to be the right combination. (oh i know you're so right) with these feelings we could be spreading love throughout the nation, but you have to search, not just anyone will do. thats why, your mission is to find that someone who surrendered to you i feel so sweet as you kiss my feet and you undress me as i surrender my... i feel so sweet as you kiss my feet and you undress me as i surrender my... to you....ooh to you....ooh i feel so sweet as you kiss my feet and you undress me as i surrender my... i feel so sweet as you kiss my feet and you undress me as i surrender my... surrender, surrender surrender, surrender my, surrender surrender, surrender surrender, surrender my, surrender surrender, surrender surrender, surrender my, surrender surrender, surrender surrender, surrender my
özlenen,beklenen grup...
tomorrow never dies filminin soundtrack'inde bulunan k.d lang'in performansi ile hos olmus bir parca. sözlerini de yazayim tam olsun your life is a story i’ve already written the news is that i am in control and i have the power to make you surrender not only your body but your soul tomorrow never dies, surrender tomorrow will arrive on time i’ll tease and tantalize with every line till you are mine tomorrow never dies whatever you’re after trust me, i’ll deliver you’ll relish the world that i create tomorrow never dies, surrender tomorrow will arrive on time i’ll tease and tantalize with every line till you are mine tomorrow never dies the truth is now what i say i’ve taken care of yesterday tomorrow never dies, surrender tomorrow will arrive on time i’ll tease and tantalize with every line till you are mine tomorrow never dies tomorrow never dies tomorrow never dies performed by k.d. lang
son noktayı koyan bi depeche mode şarkısı.. böyle bir şarkıyla aşkı ve tutkuyu tasvir ettikten sonra insanın free love, i feel loved gibi saçmalıklar yaratmasını mazur görmek lazım tabi çünkü ancak bu kadar olur..
(bkz: liquid diamonds)
velvet revolver'in da coverladigi bir cheap trick sarkisi.
şok güzel, şukela bir brand new heavies parçası... did you ever feel like there was something gonna happen and then, realize a part you had died perhaps created something better? see i'm getting ready to drop this feeling heavy. i been experiencing feelings i can't hide. so relax, try to let it flow. let our pre-concepts go. no more hesitating. ooooh, things are gonna change. get up, get out, and breathe it in. it's worth living. there's something waiting to begin. so let it! {chorus} surrender, give in. let go to the feeling. just feel this feeling. surrender to what you're feeling. have you ever tried resisting a feeling left you reeling, cause you realized that you'd been playing safe for so long? you'd forgotten how good something tasted, realized the time you'd wasted. sometimes it's good to do a thing you want to...mm-misbehaving. so unwind, let me let it go, everything that you know. i will give you something that will blow your mind. get up, get out, and breathe it in. it's worth living. there's something waiting to begin. so let it! {chorus} surrender, give in. let go to the feeling. just feel this feeling. surrender to what you're feeling. {bridge} i want you to know that this is here now. i want you to show me what you're feeling. i want you to see how good this could be. i want you to know this kind of healing. i want you to know that this is here now. i want you to show me what you're feeling. i want you to see how good this could be. i want you to know this kind of healing. {repeat chorus}
görünen o ki, yeniden james joyce'da sahne almaya başlamış olan eğlenceli ve başarılı cover grubu. davulcuları durup durup 32 diş gülümsüyor, pek sempatik.
ing. teslim etmek veya olmak; kendini birakmak
zebrahead isimli nadide grubumuzun 2003 çıkışlı mfzb isimli albümünden bir japanese bonus track. sözleri ise şöyle bişiler: mother told me, yes she told me i'd meet girls like you she also told me stay away you'll never know what you'll catch just the other day i heard of a soldier's falling off some indonesian junk that's going 'round mommy's alright, daddy's alright they just seem a little weird surrender, surrender but don't give yourself away father says your mother's right she's really up on things before we married mommy served on the wacs in the philippines now i had heard the wacs recruited old maids for the war but mommy isn't one of those i've known her all these years mommy's alright, daddy's alright they just seem a little weird surrender, surrender but don't give yourself away whatever happened to all this season's losers of the year every time i got to thinking then they disappear when i woke up, mom and dad were fuckin' on the couch rolling numbers, rock and rolling got my kiss records oout mommy's alright, daddy's alright they just seem a little weird surrender, surrender but don't give yourself away away..........
brand new heaviesın en severek dinlenilesi şarkısı. arabada olsun, evde olsun şahanedir, gerçekten çok başarılı bir eserdir.
nefis cheap trick parçası. onur arıkan ve çocuk gitarist * için gelsin. mother told me, yes, she told me i’d meet girls like you. she also told me, stay away, you’ll never know what you’ll catch. just the other day i heard a soldier falling off some indonesian junk that’s going round. mommy’s alright, daddy’s alright, they just seem a little weird. surrender, surrender, but don’t give yourself away, ay, ay, ay. father says, your mother’s right, she’s really up on things. before we married, mommy served in the wacs in the philippines. now, i had heard the wacs recruited old maids for the war. but mommy isn’t one of those, i’ve known her all these years. mommy’s alright, daddy’s alright, they just seem a little weird. surrender, surrender, but don’t give yourself away, ay, ay, ay. whatever happened to all this season’s losers of the year? ev’ry time i got to thinking, where’d they disappear? when i woke up, mom and dad are rolling on the couch. rolling numbers, rock and rolling, got my kiss records out. mommy’s alright, daddy’s alright, they just seem a little weird. surrender, surrender, but don’t give yourself away, ay, ay, ay. away. away.
(bkz: surrender dorothy)
scrubs'da jd, elliot, turk ve janitor'un ailelerinin geldigi bolumde de sonlara dogru arkada calan cheap trick parcasi.
employee of the month adlı film için dave navarro, billy morrison ve slash'in all star tadındaki grubu camp freddy'nin yaptığı cheap trick cover'ı.
güzel bir chemical brothers albümü.
ing. (sigortacilik dilinde) iştira. (bkz: istira/#8304002)
billy talent şarkısı. she reads a book from across the street, waiting for someone that she'll never meet. talk over coffee for an hour or two, she wonders why i'm always in a good mood. killin' time before she struts her stuff, she needs support and i've become the crutch. she'll never know how much she means to me. i'd play the game but i'm the referee. surrender every word, every thought every sound. surrender every touch, every smile, every frown. surrender all the pain we've endured until now. surrender all the hope that i lost you have found. surrender yourself to me. even though i know what i'm lookin' for, she's got a brick wall behind her door. i'd travel time and confess to her, but i'm afraid she'd shoot the messenger. surrender every word, every thought every sound. surrender every touch, every smile, every frown. surrender all the pain we've endured until now. surrender all the hope that i lost you have found. surrender yourself to me. i think i found a flower in a field of weeds, i think i found a flower in a field of weeds. searching until my hands bleed, this flower don't belong to me. i think i found a flower in a field of weeds, i think i found a flower in a field of weeds. searching until my hands bleed, this flower don't belong to me. this flower don't belong to me. why could she belong to me? every word, every thought every sound. every touch, every smile, every frown. all the pain we've endured until now. all the hope that i lost you have found. surrender every word, every thought every sound. surrender every touch, every smile, every frown. surrender all the pain we've endured until now. surrender all the hope that i lost you have found. (surrender) i never had the nerve to ask, (surrender) has my moment come and passed? (surrender) i never had the nerve to ask, (surrender) has my moment come and passed? (surrender) i never had the nerve to ask, (surrender) has my moment come and passed? (surrender) i never had the nerve to ask.
ingilizce. teslim olmak, pes etmek. fransizca ayni anlamdaki "se rendre"dan (kelimesi kelimesine "kendini teslim etmek, "sö randr" okunur). fransizca kökeni olarak bazi kaynaklarda belirtilen "surrendre" yanlistir. fransizcada öyle bir fiil hiç olmadi ki!*
yazilmami$ olmasina $sa$irdim lakin bu ayni zamanda kral elvis presley in en harika $arkilarindan biridir. sozleri: when we kiss my hearts on fire burning with a strange desire and i know, each time i kiss you that your hearts on fire too so, my darling, please surrender all your love so warm and tender let me hold you in my arms, dear while the moon shines bright above all the stars will tell the story of our love and all its glory let us take this night of magic and make it a night of love wont you please surrender to me your lips, your arms, your heart, dear be mine forever be mine tonight yamulmuyorsam asil videosunda hawaii li kizlar dansediyordu. ancak $urdan da dinleyebilirsiniz. http://youtube.com/watch?v=gwk04x-rcjs
melankolik ve çok hoş bir billy talent şarkısıdır,daha ilk dinleyişte dile dolanır.klibide güzeldir çatlayan patlayan camlarla doludur, vokalin tipide enrique iglesias küçük emrah karışımı bir görünümdedir sanki.
entwine'ın da iyi parçalarından biri i'm on my way i'm on my way to lose it all i'm a stranger to myself, i can't go on i'm all outta space and i'm surrounded by the wall i believe that my mind has caught a million storms falling down when you lose all that you are i surrender... i kneal down i'm outta faith i think i'm a frail design of life deep inside in denial the shades have grown in silence i hide my face i close my eye's deep inside in my mind the pain has grown around me falling down when you lose all that you are i surrender... i kneal down i'm dying to find a reason to hold on
surrender adıyla özdeşleşmiş ne çok şarkı varmış dememe yol açmış kelimedir.billy talent'ın şarkısına bakmak için girmiştim ancak tam 24 aynı isimli parçayla karşılaştım.bizim ülkemizde bile ele alınacak binlerce klişe söz öbekli şarkı markası varken, bir cümleyle ilgili bu kadar şarkı çıkmıyordur.örneğin, aşk sözcüğünü alalım.bu kelimenin (sadece aşk sözcüğü) adını koyduğu bir şarkı kaç tanedir türkiye'de?ben bir tane bile hatırlamıyorum ama mutlaka vardır?güfte konusuna yurtdışındaki sanatçıların biraz daha yaratıcı olmasını rica ediyorum.patatesleri kızartırken bile önceki kullanılmış yağı değiştiriyoruz, lütfen!
rüya gibi elvis presley şarkısı. elvis çok karizmatik bir tarzda yorumlamıştır bu şarkıyı...
onuncu nesil çaylak.
"andy yorke nasıl bir adamdır?" sorusunun karanlık cevabı. i resisted you and the things you knew and now i surrender as you knew i would you created me and the things i see and now i surrender to the space between all the songs we sing and the happenings and now this is ending and we each lie still
elvis presley'in 30 ekim 1960 yılında kaydedilen 20 mart 1961'de billboard listesinde bir numaraya yükselen şarkısı. çok sevdiğim bir insanın sevdirdiği, her dinlediğimde onu hatırlatan güzel şarkı. sözlerinin türkçe çevirisini de yazayım. öpüştüğümüz zaman, kalbim tutuşup garip bir arzu ile yanıyor ve seni her öptüğümde biliyorum ki senin kalbin de tutuşuyor öyleyse sevgilim tatlı ve sıcak olan bütün aşkın benim olsun ay ışırken; bırak seni kollarımın arasında tutayım bütün yıldızlar aşkımızın büyüklüğünün hikayesini söyleyecekler bu sihirli geceyi alıp bir aşk gecesi yapalım dudaklarını, kalbini bana teslim etmeyecek misin sevgilim daima benim ol, bu gece benim ol
passionworks'un eurovision 2009 finlandiya elemelerine katıldığı muhteşem şarkı. http://www.youtube.com/…rdrukkermq4&feature=related lafım size finli kardeşlerim: bu şarkıyı moskova'ya göndermezseniz müzik zevkinizden şüphe edeceğim!
concerto moon' un from father to sun adlı albümünde yer alan parçası.
worms'ta round'u kaybetmenize yol açan utility. quitter şeysi.
mükemmel bir lunascape şarkısı. the daylight, cried for a cure, i will wake over you, and i won't be out of control out of sight and into your soul starlight, magical view, lights of blue will follow you, out of night, but nobody knows, where did you ever go shoot an arrow into the twilight but shadows never fall, release me from your mind for i won't surrender and i will be free now if you will surrender surrender surrender one life, two for the show, now you see me, now you don't, hide and seek from nine to five, will you take another life? shoot an arrow into the twilight but shadows never fall, release me from your mind for i won't surrender and i will be free now if you will surrender surrender surrender don't chase me forever, cause i won't surrender release me from your mind, for i won't surrender release me from your mind, for i won't surrender and i will be free now if you will surrender surrender surrender surrender surrender
çok güzel bir cheap trick şarkısı. sözleri: mother told me, yes, she told me i'd meet girls like you. she also told me, "stay away, you'll never know what you'll catch." just the other day i heard a soldier falling off some indonesian junk that's going round. mommy's alright, daddy's alright, they just seem a little weird. surrender, surrender, but don't give yourself away, ay, ay, ay. father says, "your mother's right, she's really up on things." "before we married, mommy served in the wacs in the philippines." now, i had heard the wacs recruited old maids for the war. but mommy isn't one of those, i've known her all these years. mommy's alright, daddy's alright, they just seem a little weird. surrender, surrender, but don't give yourself away, ay, ay, ay. whatever happened to all this season's losers of the year? ev'ry time i got to thinking, where'd they disappear? when i woke up, mom and dad are rolling on the couch. rolling numbers, rock and rolling, got my kiss records out. mommy's alright, daddy's alright, they just seem a little weird. surrender, surrender, but don't give yourself away, ay, ay, ay. away. away.
billy talent'ı dinlemeye başlamak için mükemmel bir şarkı sahsen ben öyle yapmıştım.gerçekten çok başarılı bir billy şarkısı.
belki de en güzel trixter şarkısı. dinlenmesi gereken bir ballad : words of silence echo through this lonely room just a photograph and dreams that won't come true i'll never know why i left you standin' in the rain cryin' tears of emptyness it's drivin' me insane all i wanted was to love you never wanted to see you cry all i need is just to hold you i just can't say - goodbye sometimes we raise our guns of pain but i'll be your defender 'cause if love means war baby i surrender you use words as weapons i use love as a shield so tell me why are we on this battlefield in a blaze of glory can we rise above these flames in a world of anger there's got to be a way sometimes we raise our guns of pain but i'll be your defender 'cause if love means was baby i surrender we're just soldiers from the heart and i ain't no pretender so lay down your arms and baby let's surrender and thought my aim is true i sometimes miss the mark ooh, in matters of the heart but i'd give my life tonight to hold you in my arms in a blaze of glory can we rise above these flames in a world of anger there's got to be a way i just wanna hold you surrender i just wanna love you surrender i never meant to make you cry
avon'un kataloglarında artık ne yazık ki olmayan, bayıldığım, burnuma çarptığında sahibine sinir olduğum, karaborsa bulsam iki şişe alacağım kadın parfümüdür.
aslında çok güzel bir koku değildir ama tuhaf bir çekiciliği vardır. mide bulandırıcı şeker kokularına, çıtkırıldım çiçek kokularına benzemez. ağırdır ve bi o kadar ferahtır. öyle her yerlerde rastlanmayan, esmer ten ve serin zamanlara özel, kalıcı bir avon parfümü.
- depeche mode - jj72 - eloy - evanescence - all saints - cheap trick - andrés mazzitelli - ashlee simpson - 4him - barlowgirl - bellefire - brand new heavies - elvis presley - lunascape - trixter - savatage - concerto moon - arise from thorns - stryper - soulstice - u2 - k. d. lang - angel dust - zebrahead - entwine - andy yorke - passionworks - gloria estefan - matchbook romance - dropkick murphys - simple plan - diana ross - marilyn manson - sarah mclachlan - electric light orchestra billy talent şarkısı hakkında yazılanları okuyayım diye bu başlığa girmişken tüm bu grup ve şarkıcıların surrender isimli şarkıları varmış bugün bunu öğrendim ayrıyeten; chemical brothers albümü, velvet revolver, camp freddy coverları da dinlenilmeliymiş. anladığım kadarıyla surrender, love gibi hatta daha fazla üne sahip bir kelime. billy talent şarkısı güzeldir, grubun diğer şarkıları kadar enerji yüklü değildir ama bir garip hüzünlü şarkıdır.
naked music çıkışlı güzel bir petalpusher* parçası. güzelliği, the attaboy remixiyle birlikte 5'e katlanmış. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzpdmbr83xi
cheap trick'in hornitos tequila için çok ilginç bir versiyonunu kaydettiği şarkısı. zaten leziz bir şarkıydı, iyice sevimli olmuş! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ajkzdj7qkw http://www.cheaptrick.com/surrender-mashup.mp3
ólöf arnalds'dan nefis bir parca. klibi de cok etkileyici, suradan buyurun; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3caiehhvszc sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun: stream of cold breathing slowly tired feet press the ground gentle flow scent of growth that opens me and i surrende now i stand up now i open to only you now i chose now i refuse now i ingore you now claim my power i carry you i nurture you give birth to you again feel your heart again touch me again i surrender again feel my pride from the inside jungle red, easier felt than said embracing you yet my grace is unknown to you and i carry you i nurture you give birth to you again feel your heart again i surrender to your power i surrende now i stand up now i open to only you now i chose now i refuse now i ingore you now claim my power and i surrende now i stand up now i open to only you now i chose now i refuse now i ingore you now claim my power i carry you i nurture you give birth to you again feel your heart again touch me again i surrender again and i surrende now i stand up now i open to only you now i chose now i refuse now i ingore you now claim my power i carry you i nurture you give birth to you again feel your heart again touch me again i surrender again
u2'nin david bowiemsi parçası.
digital daggers isimli grubun efsane olacak parçalarından biridir. sözleri de şu şekildedir; secret, hidden underneath it, trying hard to keep it safely out of reach. creeping, i can feel it breathing, calling to the surface, finally in my dreams. sweet despair feel you devour me... silently, oh won't you carry me.. home.. taken down i give into what i can't disguise. i surrender..i surrender broken down, i give into what i can not have.. i surrender..i surrender locked in, buried under my skin riding on the whispers, restless in the wind hunted, i can feel it coming keep me under cover in what could of been sweet despair feel you devour me... silently, oh won't you carry me.. home.. taken down i give into what i can't disguise. i surrender..i surrender broken down, i give into what i can not have.. i surrender..i surrender don't make a sound now don't make a sound now maybe it won't find us after all carry.. me.. home.. taken down i give into what i can't disguise. i surrender..i surrender broken down, i give into what i can not have.. i surrender..i surrender don't make a sound now don't make a sound now i surrender..i surrender.. don't make a sound now don't make a sound now i surrender..i surrender.. broken down i give in.. i give in.. i surrender..i surrender..
brand new heavies'in söylediğinde vokal o kadar güzel taşıyor ki şarkıyı. şarkı içindeki inişleri, çıkışları, tonlama değişiklikleri inanılmaz güzel. şarkının düzenlemesi için aynı şeyi söylemek mümkün değil, alakasız yerlerde alakasız enstrümanlar, abi şarkının burasında bir düdük öttürelim, şu kısmına vıcıvıcı ekleyelim diye konuşmuşlar gibi, öyle bir adam sendecilik. bırak dağınık kalsın, böyle zaten güzel.
depeche mode'un ne yazık ki çok az akustik performansı var. bu da onlardan biri: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upxiogwlwfy
the brand new heavies'in sevdiğim şarkısıdır. şarkıyı söyleyen bayan vokali de sanki başka farklı şarkılarda da duyduğum hissine kapılıyorum her dinleyişimde, yıllardan beri bu soru kafamda dinledim hep şarkıyı. ama kimdir nedir, başka gruplarla ve single olarak şarkıları var mıdır bir türlü bulamadım. ayrıca, uzun senelerdir dinlememe rağmen klibini bugün izleme fırsatı buldum ki zaten 7 yıllık bu şarkının klibinin youtube'a konulmasının üzerinden 1 yıl bile geçmemiş tuhaf.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwawawamfq0 not: bayanı buldum kendi çabalarımla ve rahatladım. kendisi nicole russo imiş.
carving a pyramid of thoughts ep'sinde yer alır. göreceli olarak corpus christii'nin en sağlam şarkısıdır.
traydkraft remix'i mükemmel bir paul oakenfold şarkısı. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ot3tj_kbs8q
anlaşılan avonun ısrarlara dayanamayıp tekrar piyasaya sürdüğü parfümü. güzel bir parfümdür ağır bir koku olmakla birlikte bayık değildir ve eskiden kullandığım kadarıyla kalıcı olduğunu da söyleyebilirim.
avon'un bu ayki kataloğunda yeniden çıkarıldığını gördüm.. gerçekten çok severek kullandığım bir kokuydu.. kaldırılınca hayatımda ilk kez bir firmaya hesap sordum, tepki maili attım, facebooktaki "surrender kaldırılmasın, yeniden çıksın" grubuna üye oldum, twitterdan sayısız kez cikledim surrender geri dön diye.. ve şimdi ilk kez sesi duyulan vatandaş gibi hissediyorum.. valla bayram hediyesi benim için bu kokuya tekrar kavuşmam oldu.. yürü be avon, canımsın!
üniversite yıllarımı bana yeniden yaşatan mükemmel parfüm. sonunda geri döndü. eksik bir tarafımı tamamladım.
yıllarca kullanıp üretimi durdurulunca elimdeki son surrender şişemi kız arkadaşım isteyip saklamıştı, ben seni sevdiğimde üzerinde bu koku vardı, diye. sonrasında 3 farklı parfüm denedim uzun süreçler halinde ama bir türlü ona ısındığım kadar ısınamadım hiçbirine. şimdi yeniden piyasada görünce eski dostuma kavuşmuş gibi hissettim valla. burnuma kokusu geldikçe devamında binlerce anımı da getiriyor bildiğin... koku hafızası ne pismiş arkadaş.
