uriah heep'in the magician's birthday albümünden güzel bir parça.
patty griffin'in living with ghosts adli albumundeki dokuzuncu $arki. sozleri de $oyle: sweet lorraine the fiery haired brown eyed schemer who came from a long line of drinkers and dreamers who knew that sunshine don't hold up to dark whose businesses fail who sleep in the park lorraine who spoke of paintings in paris and outlandish things to her family just to scare us whose heart went pokin' where it shouldn't ought whose mother could only sppit at the thought of lorraine, sweet lorraine her father her father would tear out like a page of the bible then he'd burn down the house to announce his arriva1 her mother was working and never was home lorraine carved out a little life of her own lorraine started working, lorraine went to school her mother threw stones at her on the day that she moved now isn't that a very strange thing to do for someone who never really wanted you lorraine, sweet lorraine her daddy called her a slut and a whore on the night before her wedding day the very next morning at the church her daddy gave lorraine away lorraine, sweet lorraine in the battle of time in the battle of will it's only your hope and your heart that gets killed and it gets harder and harder lorraine, to believe in magic when what came before you is so very tragic lorraine, sweet lorraine lorraine, sweet lorraine
45 li yılların salon eğlencelerini akla getirmiyorsa.. ben neyim..
nat king cole ile ozdeslesmis caz standardi * just found joy i'm as happy as a baby boy, baby boy with another brand new choo-choo choy when i met my sweet lorraine, lorraine, lorraine. a pair of eyes that are brighter tham the summer sky when you see them, you'll realize why i love my sweet lorraine. now when it's rainin', i don't miss the sun because it's in my baby's smile, whoa ho and to think that i'm the lucky one that will lead her down the aisle, whoa ho ho each night i pray that no one will steal her heart away i can't wait until that lucky day when i marry sweet lorraine. now when it's rainin' i don't miss the sun because it's in my baby's smile, whoa ho and to think that i'm the lucky one that will lead her down the aisle, whoa ho ho each night i pray that no one will steal her heart away i can't wait until that lucky day when i marry sweet lorraine.
lorraine aşşaa lorraine yukarı bir şarkı.. uriah heep* olanı şöyle; would you like to take this magic potion with me on a trip to a cosmic playground far beyond she understands, she's been before it's in her hands to find the door sweet lorraine let the party carry on you and i will swim the sea sweet lorraine let the party carry on you and i can feel the breeze there is no time, no wealth only i surround you the fortune of this guide is simply sincerity she understands 'cause she's been before it's in her hands to find the door so sweet lorraine let the party carry on you and i will swim the sea sweet lorraine let the party carry on you and i can feel the breeze sweet lorraine let the party carry on you and i will swim the sea sweet lorraine let the party carry on you and i can feel the breeze sweet lorraine let the party carry on you and i will swim the sea sweet lorraine let the party carry on you and i can feel the breeze sweet lorraine sweet lorraine (repeat and adlib to fade) ... -ha bir de vokaller çok harika be erdener..
