başrolünde dennis quaid ve danny glover in oynadiği macera gerilim filmi. katilin kim olduğunu öğrendiğinizde dumur olduğunuz film.
icinde kris'in "kendini oyan adam" grafigini de barindiran (isminden aldanmayin superdir) rebels demosu.. gecen gun detay'la seyrettik supermi$.
biohazard şarkısı. "new world disorder" albümünde bulunur, resist'ten sonra gelir. sözleri şöyledir: welcome to the rat race, people killing themselves to get ahead of the pack, backstab and attack. out for self, the money, the power, the fame, competition and greed in a world without shame. i stumble and fall along the path i've chosen, i face my fears, i won't be broken. corrosion has a way of fucking with your sanity, i do what i gotta to preserve my humanity. switchback - taking life as each day comes switchback - facing fears, i never run, switchback - never quit until i'm done i'm the underdong and i will overcome. confrontation can break you down to your very fast compound. beat you down, drag you round, break you refuse to bend, never ever let it take you over the edge where you can never break through. overcome, switchback, stand strong alone the good, the bad, the truth, the unknown locked up at war with the demons within i fight to live, i live to win. the harder that i battle with lifes deceit, the stronger i stand on my own two feet. if i allow the world to assimilate my mind, will my freedom be forever denied? will i no longer be free in my mind?
1997 tarihli "hoppadanek final yazılır, seyirci dumur edilir" mottolu bir film...
izlediğim en sürükleyici filmlerden biri olan fakat digiturk showtime kanalında yayınlanana kadar nedense duymamış olduğum bir film. bilhassa trenin numarası ve istasyon isimleri ilginç geldi*.
(bkz: understand) (bkz: believe) (bkz: 218)
guzel bir celldweller sarkısı. sozlerini de yazayım da tam olsun i made a choice that i regret now what i see is what i get it's too late to look back i've got no way to switchback it's too late to look back ain't ok i've got no way to switchback wait, how can it be too late because i don't want to play with such a price to pay chained to what i can't reclaim i'll never be the same won't be the same again a painful picture that i can't forget now what i see is what i get
heyecanlandıran celldweller parçası. bu arada sözlerdeki eksik ara kısım; ...(and everybody) and everybody foolin' with their rick rack, and it's about time we put them on their back meaner and leaner, we take up the slack klayton and celldweller with no way to switch back cuttin' you up with a razor blade chokin' you on them words you say keepin' you up in front of me and the celldweller is unafraid..
spor yaparken performans artıran celldweller şarkısı.
icebreaker ve razorblade remix'leri dinlenmesi farz olan celldweller şarkısı.
bence jared leto filmi.
emenike'nin ülkemizde pek bilinmeyen lakabı.
live upon a blackstar versiyonu çılgıncasına güzel bir parçadır.
celldweller'ın endüstriyel müzik dünyasına armağan ettiği güzide eser.
na'vi oyunlarındaki vazgeçilmez arkaplan şarkısıdır.
