neseli kizimiz sophie ellis bextor in bir baska neseli parcasi, ya sozleri? hemen: take me home, take me home i know another place to be take me home, take me home you deserve a girl like me come on i know somewhere you can unwind we can just disappear now's the time take me home, take me home only fair i get my way take me home, take me home oh it's going to happen anyway i know what's good for you don't pass me by i will look after you you'll be fine i'm in heaven i'll show you heaven it's so much heaven let's make a move lets leave this world behind i know you approve by the look in your eyes i'm in heaven i'll show you heaven it's so much heaven take me home take me home i will show you where to walk take me home take me home baby let the people talk we'll get away from here i'm reading your mind we can just disappear now's the time i'm in heaven, i'll show you heaven take me home oh, take me home oh, take me home in this moment one night with you all alone with nothing to loose let's make a move let's leave this world behind i know you approve by the look in your eyes i'm in heaven i'll show you heaven it's so much heaven take me home, take me home now's the time to follow me take me home come and live what ought to be take me home take me home
helloween'nin "master of the rings" albümünde yer alan 4:25 süreye sahip güzel parça. take me home now i'm here all alone takin' care of my own down in no man's land got no friend, got no dime only plenty of time where's the saving hand? i got that feeling to need more and more attention that is the fever, don't leave me alone i got that feeling to make more than conversation that is the fever, where's my home? take me home take me home take me home it's not true - what you see behind that mask that's not me try to reach my world can't you see i'm so blind stay with me to change my mind no more nightmares, girl i got that feeling to need more and more attention that is the fever, don't leave me alone i got that feeling to make more than conversation that is the fever, where's my home? take me home take me home take me home i got that feeling to need more and more attention that is the fever, don't leave me alone i got that feeling to make more than conversation that is the fever, where's my home? take me home take me home take me home
(bkz: you cant go home again)
phil collins'in no jacket required albumunden bir $arki. "kozadonrimembir" demesi pek ho$tur bu $arkiya e$lik ederken. take that look of worry i'm an ordinary man they don't tell me nothing so i find out what i can there's a fire that's been burning right outside my door i can't see but i feel it and it helps to keep me warm so i, i don't mind no i, i don't mind seems so long i've been waiting still don't know what for there's no point escaping i don't worry anymore i can't come out to find you i don't like to go outside they can't turn off my feelings like they're turning off a light but i, i don't mind no i, i don't mind oh i, i don't mind no i, i don't mind so take, take me home cos i don't remember take, take me home cos i don't remember take, take me home cos i don't remember take, take me home, oh lord cos i've been a prisoner all my life and i can say to you take that look of worry, mine's an ordinary life working when it's daylight and sleeping when it's night i've got no far horizons i don't wish upon a star they don't think that i listen oh but i know who they are and i, i don't mind no i, i don't mind oh i, i don't mind no i, i don't mind so take, take me home cos i don't remember take, take me home cos i don't remember take, take me home cos i don't remember take, take me home, oh lord well i've been a prisoner all my life and i can say to you but i don't remember take, take me home...
phil collins'in, urban renewal'da malik pendleton'in soyledigi sarkisi ayni zamanda*.
kazaa dan tom waits diye arattirirken tesadufen inmis olan crystal gayle in seslendirdigi geceyarilari dinlenesi huzur dolu sarki..
aksi için (bkz: there is a light that never goes out)
en hoş şekilde "beni eve at" olarak çevrilebilir. *
tam adı "take me home: the john denver story" olan; john denverin hayat hikayesini anlatan ve sonunda illa ki ağlatan tv filmidir. john denveri chad lowe, eşini** ise kristin davis oynamıştır.
bu sıralar lounge fm 102'de çalan şarkıyı söyleyen için : (bkz: luke)
(bkz: take me drunk i am home)
camp granada isimli eglencelik sarkidan unutulmaz replik. "take me home oh mother, father take me home. i promise i will not make noise..." diye gider. (bkz: camp granada)
francis ford coppola'nın one from the heart filminden bir tom waits şarkısı, crystal gayle söylüyor: take me home, you silly boy put your arms around me take me home, you silly boy all the world's not round without you i'm so sorry that i broke your heart please don't leave my side take me home, you silly boy cause i'm still in love with you
russian red'in ne güzel bir şarkısıdır. sözler: it’s your guitar that discovers you wilde for all i can see is the dark of a sky and the plumbs in a glass jar of wine. take me home, take me home, take me home, don’t know take me home, take me home, take me home, don’t know how i got here, but now you… take me home, take me home, take me home, don’t know take me home, take me home, take me home, don’t know how i subsist with candled up nights and pure spirits i don’t know how you dragged me here. and it’s my guitar that discovers me blind for all i can see is the clarity side and the bones someone spat on the trash from the plumbs… take me home, take me home, take me home, don’t know take me home, take me home, take me home, don’t know how i got here, but now you… take me home, take me home, take me home, don’t know how i subsist with candled up nights and pure spirits i don’t know how you dragged me here. if you can call the name of our hope that probably means i’m not there. take me home, take me home, take me home, don’t know how… http://www.russianred.org/
bir lisbeth scott şarkısı. in the sweet light of the valley, when da sun fall upon the pine, i shall lay down all of my troubles, and i lift up, this heart of mine. take me home, lord, oh, take me home. o'er the hillside and o'er the sea, to the soft grass of the valley, where your grace shall set me free. through the shadow of the darkness, through the storms that lead me astray i shall travel forevor knowing in your light, i will always stay. take me home, lord, oh, take me home. o'er the hillsïde and o'er the sea, to the soft grass of the valley, where your grace shall set me free.
lounge fm'in çıkardığı chill out istanbul '07 albümünde yer alan şarkı. kendisi şuan günümü güzelleştirmekte ayrıca.
bir don juan dracula sarkisi. where do you wanna go take me home, bring me down listen to all my jokes tonight oh we could have some fun let me see, do you have a plan there is nothing else to do, tonight take me home, bring me down tonight take me home, bring me down is there anything i can do to change your mind i'm just a wreck when i'm with you let me play this song listen know, it's getting on take me anywhere you want tonight take me home, bring me down take me home, bring me down tonight take me home, bring me down take me home, bring me down tonight i'm faking everything i say i'm faking everything i do tonight take me home, bring me down i'm faking everything i say take me home, bring me down tonight i'm faking everything i say take me home, bring me down i'm faking evertyhing i do take me home, bring me down tonight
luke - take me home için buyursunlar. http://vurmadanoncebirdinle.tumblr.com/…ake-me-home
anneke van giersbergen'in yeni albümü everything is changing'in çıkış şarkısı. pek güzel: http://www.youtube.com/…i_e&feature=player_embedded
en güzel, ville laihiala tarafından aika multaa muistot şarkısında söylenir. (bkz: sentenced)
perfume genius'in yeni album/yeni single olayi. klbiinde nerede durdugunu, kimi ne kadar sikine taktigini gosteren sekillere burunmus, guzel bir solistimiz mevcut. sozler buz gibi ve yine harika.
anneke van giersbergenin insanın içini kıpır kıpır eden şarkısı. god i feel, i think i should be all that i can be dude i like, i hope we can get together someday since the stars in the sky and the clouds aligned i have realised you should take me home let me lead the way take me home fingers crossed my obsession with you is tameable best thing for me is to be in your grip before night falls since the stars in the sky and the clouds aligned i have realised you should so alone give me some kind of understanding all alone give me even the slightest sedation take me home let me lead the way take me home
