(bkz: are you talking to me)
1996 indolent records çıkışlı 60ft dolls albümü "the big 3"den; ‘ben sana inanıyorum, sen de bana, öyleyse konuşabilirsin benimle’ türünde sözler barındıran, üç dakikalık son derece enerjik bir kayıt. veya pure rock n roll.
(bkz: talk to her)
aynı zamanda bir robbie williams parçasıdır close the door turn out the lite there's something really wrong tonight with you, me and you you say your to young to love and to old to hate remote control keeps you awake so turn me on baby you could talk and make my day you don't have to walk away to stay with me make me change answer me brake the chain use the telly stand and have another cup of tea and then a fight baby not tonight cos i'm not dressed to be a clown i'm not in the mood for shouting loud talk to me make me change answer me brake the chain do you keep your lover outa sight cos you look like someone else tonight alright, alright talk to me make me change answer me answer
2000 yapımı 5 bölümlük mini dizi.
gaz bir nirvana şarkısı sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun shake it down easy, shake it down sleazy, come on shake it down easy, shake yourself, suzy, come on don't let me detain you try to ride along don't you lie, knowing i am not sad i am not silly i am not chippin' i am not chippin' away talk to me in your own language, please in your own talk to me in your own language please shake it down easy, make it sound seamy, doll man make it sound now, make it full house, sad man leader of the band makes a mental hell i won't weather it well well i never saw it with my arm paint it with my heart paint it with my eyes and make it right lay down easy, lay it down seamy, sad man lay down easy, lay it down seamy, sad man you don't want to hear this nothin' but a whore i will play the leader with pain now you know i'm needy lay them down easy lay them down easy talk to me in your own language please
jill scott'un sevilesi sarkilarindan biri daha. here you go jacket down timbs off remote control and there you go off into outer space distant from me where do you go your eyes are closed i'd like to know i stop sit next to you because you seem so blue and pray nothings wrong baby i don't want to see us burn down and go up in smoke no, no, no, no, no talk to me, break it down, spell it out, spell it out for me talk to me, break it down, spell it out, spell it out for me but when i push begins the riff you take off and there i sit alone feeling cold i become antagonist loud and wrong words are thrown i bitch you moan so i try another tactic ohh, ohhhh, oh close your eyes relax your mind cool down just recline we've got the time to let it go just unwind i'll...cool baby i'll be quiet if you like i'll put on your favorite song sounds nice thug passion on ice? or a glass of merlot? i'll roll it up if you want i won't front i just need to know what you know talk to me, break it down, spell it out for me baby talk to me, break it down, spell it out for me dee da da be bim bim bum bum bum di di bum didi dow...(continues scatting) baby i'm getting so frustrated aggravated because it seems that you're hiding something from me and that ain't the way i swing i'm loving you but i get confused and what makes me fear when your personality is unclear i make things up in my mind you're right next to me but sometimes i feel like you walk away and you just don't have a thing to say but i fear for you so tell me what cha tell me what cha goin through
tindersticks'in tindersticks'inden baya bi karanlık şarkı. o içli sözlerin ardında gizliden gizliye, hele bi git sikerim belanı, dercesine bi müzik hakim. talk to me darling before you throw it away look into these eyes now look into these eyes if it's too far to fall it still makes you cry you can't kill this love no, you can't kill this love you feel the rush in your arm you see shadows form you move forward slowly to find nothing at all in a hall of mirrors you get sick of yourself think you can just leave the blade there sit and wait... i know it's scary darling it comes back from the dead climbs on out of the ground back into our bed so talk to me darling before you throw it away look into these eyes now look into these eyes if it's too far to fall if it still makes you cry you can't kill this love no, you can't kill this love
2007 yılı yapımı oldukça hoş bir film. radyocu olan ve olmak isteyen hatta radyo programı takip eden ve etmiş olanlar izlerlerse kesinlikle boş vakit geçirmemiş olacaklar.
'like lovers do'şeklinde devam eden şarkı sözü.
tamamen şans eseri izlediğim don cheadle'ın yine oyunculuk dersi verdiği, büyük olasılıkla sinemalarımızda ve televizyonlarımızda uzunca bir süre göremeyeceğimiz sürekleyici ve çarpıcı bir film.
yapımcılğını soulwax'ın yaptığı mükemmel peaches parçası. why don't you talk to me? im standin here alone i know youll never phone why don't you talk to me? why don't you talk to me? come say it to my face so we can leave this place why don't you talk to me? what your thinkin i would never know nows the time for you to let it go let it be and hold you tight scream at me for just one night why don't you talk to me? why don't you talk to me? come on and dig your horns instead of dirty looks why don't you talk to me? stop youve got no where to go no blame, no shame this aint a peaches show its just me and you its just me and you its just me and you its just, me and you theres no wall for you to hide behind stop pretendin that the problems mine lift your head and look me dead in the eye what made you so bitter inside why don't you talk to me? why don't you talk to me? because im standin here i got an open ear why don't you talk to meeee? go, go ,go come on spit it out rolls off your tongue right out your pretty mouth youve got to say it to believe it got to say it to believe it got to say it, got to say it say it say it say it say why don't you talk to me? why don't you talk to me? why dont you! talk to me talk talk to me talk to me talk talk to me(to me) talk to me talk talk to me(why don't you talk to me?) talk to me talk talk to me
1994 yilinda kurt cobain tarafindan solo ya da nirvana tarafindan grupca bir demosu kesinlikle kaydedilmi$ $arki. cobain öldükten sonra courtney love $arkiyi kullanmasi icin kurt'ün müzikal acidan kahramanlarindan biri olan iggy pop'a vermi$. bilen bilir,cobain ölmeseydi iggy pop ve kurt cobain biraraya gelecekti. ikili beraber $arki yazmak ve bunlari kaydetmek üzere sözle$mi$ti.ne var ki kurt öldü. iggy pop'sa bildigim kadariyla $arkiyi hicbir zaman kullanmadi. sebebini gidip ona sorun artik. ben tam soracaktim alarm caldi.uyanmasam devamsizliktan kalacaktim, ben de muhabbeti orda kestim. gelecek ne getirir,bilinmez..
süper film. müzikleri ise 70 ve 80'lerin soul'unu yansıtır.
enfes bir stevie nicks şarkısı. tina turner sound'unu anımsatır. sözleri: i can see we're thinkin' bout the same things and i can see your expression when the phone rings we both know there's something happening here there's no sense in dancing round the subject a wound gets worse when it's treated with neglect don't turn around there's nothing here to fear you can talk to me talk to me you can talk to me you can set your secrets free, baby dusty words lying under carpets seldom heard well must you keep your secrets locked inside hidden safe from view was it all that hard is it all that tough well, i've shown you all my cards now isn't that enough you can hide your hurt but, there's something you can do you can talk to me talk to me talk to me when you're down talk to me tttt talk to me though we lay face to face and cheek to cheek our voices stray from the common ground where they could meet the walls run high, to veil a swelling tear oh, let the walls burn down, set your secrets free you can break their bounds, cause you're safe with me you can lose your doubt, cause you'll find no danger here you can talk to me talk to me you can talk to me you can set your secrets free, baby i can see your expression when the phone rings and i can see that you're thinkin' bout the same things is it all that hard is it all that tough well, you've taken all there is now baby isn't that enough well, i can see you bayb, i can see you runnin' talk to me klibi:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zhjxp7esnq
film olanı, 60'larda ve 70'lerde amerika'da çok ünlü olan dj ralph waldo "petey" greene'in hikayesini anlatmaktadır.
studyo versionu olmayan bir nirvana parcasi [seattle live 1992] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uukodfdyqvq [vooruit live 1991] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnvub2kvglw [cover 2011] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngduibkbyui
(bkz: here comes the rain again)
don cheadle'in cok iyi oynadigi film. greene'in o donemki esprileri birebir mi kullanilmis bilmiyorum ama filmin icindeki espriler de oldukca basariliydi.
(bkz: petey greene)
muhteşem bir sunlounger ve zarar taylor ortak yapımı sunny tales adlı albümde 2.cd'nin 10. parçası olarak çıkar karşımıza. sözleri de şu şekildedir: can you hear me can you feel me can you hear me i can't hear you can you hear me when i'm whispering softly to you can you feel me when i'm standing across the room from you can you hear me when i'm whispering softly to you i can't hear you when i'm standing across the room from you talk to me i wanna know your dreams talk to me tell me everything and everything talk to me i wanna know your dreams talk to me tell me everything and everything that's real can you hear me when i'm whispering softly to you can you feel me when i'm standing across the room from you can you hear me when i'm whispering softly to you i can't hear you when i'm standing across the room from you talk to me i wanna know your dreams talk to me tell me everything and everything talk to me i wanna know your dreams talk to me tell me everything and everything that's real edit: imla.
les petits mouchoirs isimli harika fransız filminden bir şarkı bu. sahne adı olarak yodelice ismini kullanan maxim nucci söylüyor. filmi de şiddetle tavsiye ediyorum. türkiye'de küçük beyaz yalanlar olarak gösterime girmiş. iki saat otuz dakika sürüyor yaklaşık olarak, belki sıkılabilirsiniz ama marion cotillard ve diğer oyuncular harika bir performans sunmuş bize. bu şarkı da üstüne tatlı niyetine. http://tinyurl.com/6h9vjxk something just changed in your soul tell me baby what's wrong what's going on and you've been crying something just flaked in your eyes there's a crack in your games like? those broken days am i seeing faith baby talk to me please talk to me baby talk it's me talk to me seems like the sun is shining on everyone but me won't you talk to me this is getting scary something got hold of your soul you're like never before is there something more have i missed anything. baby talk to me please talk to me baby talk it's me talk to me something just changed in my world and it's killing me.
zaman zaman cnbc-e'de karşılaşabileceğiniz, mutlaka arşive katılması gereken başrolünde don cheadle ve adını telafuz edemediğim chiwetel ejiofor adlı aktörün oynadığı, r&b hastasıysanız, plaklara,radyolara ya da kısaca müziğe ilgi duyuyorsanız kesin izlemeniz gereken eğlenceli ama bir o kadar da politik 2007 tarihli film.
ağır yara almış bir zata bilincini kaybetmemesi için söylenebilecek sözdür. tam türkçe'si için; (bkz: bende kal nuri)*
an itibariyle cnbc-e irtifalarında gece tekrarı dönmekte olan filmdir. iş bu entry'nin yararı ise filmi merak edip ismini unutmak istemediğim dahası sonra izlemek için orada burada kağıt listesine filmler yazmaktansa yazılı belge olarak sözlüğü kullanmama vesile olmasıdır.
aynı zamanda 7th heaven dördüncü sezon on dokuzuncu bölümünün adı.
aynı zamanda home improvement dördüncü sezon yirminci bölümünün adı.
