2000 tarihli bir film. yönetmeni marcus spiegel, başlıca oyuncuları ise jodi lyn o'keefe, jsu garcia, katherine kendall ve jeanette brox'tur. star tvara sıra yayınlar bu filmi. ayrıca bu adla çıkmış 1958 ve 1930 tarihli iki tane film daha vardır.
(bkz: popular) (bkz: nada surf)
seyrettiğimde sanki beni daha önce sanki bu filmi bir kere daha seyretmişim gibi bir hisse sokan film. ama sanki bazı karakterler farklıydı.(bkz: deja vu)
xander'in okula yeni tayin olan aslinda dev bir peygamber bocegi olan ogretmene asik oldugu ve yenilmekten son anda buffy tarafindan kurtuldugu buffy the vampire slayer bolumu. ilginc bilgi : xander'in daha milli olmadigini ogreniyoruz.
imperial teenin de söylediği şarkı. tam sözleri; she's a mixed up kind of girl the kind you wish you'd never met and like a dried up pot of glue she only sticks when she is wet. she went to school two days a week she learned to take what she could get she took the apple from my desk and now look she's teacher's pet they took the country from the girl but there's a country in her head she left the country for a boy it was a boy she'd never met they bought a matching pair of gloves and holding hands she lost her head she learned to sacrifice her love and now look she's teacher's pet. she's a magazine she's a magazine she's a magazine, tonight. she's a magazine she's a magazine she's a magazine, alright. they took the country from the girl under the carpet she was swept she took the country from the world and now look she's teacher's pet.
venoma olan sevgimi güncellemiş* konulu şarkı. zaten başında da sevişme başlatıcı salak intro bulunmaktadır. (bkz: konulu şarkı)
ustad venom un psikopat sözlü sarkısı. black metal albumunden. teacher caught me masturbating underneath the desk she looked at me and winked her eye said "see you after class" i heard the school bell ring that told me that the day was done she called me back and locked the door my lessons just begun teachers pet teachers wet sitting down she crossed her legs her skirt crept up her thigh feeling something start to rise my thought began to fly you've been a naughty boy she said now that you can't conceal i'll have to punish you the best way that i feel teachers pet teachers wet she took my hand and gently placed it in between her thighs with open legs and heavy breath she slowly closed her eyes her flesh was aching and her hands began to stray on thing that i know for sure i won't forget today teachers pet teachers wet pulled me down forwards her mound teacher tasted sweet sixty-nine - i don't mean lines this was teachers treat played hide and seek with teachers mouth her lips were warm and wet now today i've had my way and teacher won't forget teachers pet teachers wet
teacher's pet... doris'in harika yorumladığı şarkı.. (bkz: doris day) erkek vokaller de başka bir renk katmaktadır şarkıya.. parantez içindekiler vokallerdir; (pum, pa dum pa dum) (pum pa dum pa dum) (pa dum pa dum) (pum pa dum pa dum) teacher's pet (pa dum pa dum pa dum) i wanna be teacher's pet (pa dum pa dum) i wanna be huddled and cuddled as close to you as i can get (that's the lesson we're guessin' you're best in) mm, teacher's pride (pa dum pa dum) i wanna be teacher's pride (pa dum pa dum) i wanna be dated, paraded, the one most likely at your side (ya got a burnin' yearnin' to learn) i wanna learn all your lips can teach me one kiss will do at the start (are you really?) i'm sure with a little homework i'll graduate to your heart (to your heart) teacher's pet (pa dum pa dum), i wanna be teacher's pet (pa dum pa dum) i wanna take home a diploma and show ma that ya love me, too (that ya love me, too) so i can be teacher's pet long after school is through (oh, teacher's pet) mm, mm (you wanna be teacher's pet) ah. ah (you wanna be huddled and cuddled as close to him as you can get) i wanna learn all your lips can teach me one kiss will do at the start \ i'm sure with a little homework i'll graduate to your heart teacher's pet (you love the teacher), i wanna be teacher's pet (pa dum pa dum) i wanna take home a diploma and show ma that ya love me, too (wow!) so i can be teacher's pet (yeah!) long after school is through (teacher, teacher she loves you)
(bkz: öğretmenin kuzusu)
başrollerini clark gable ve doris day'in paylaştığı 1958 yapımlı bir film. romantik komedi desek yanlış olmaz herhalde. ayrıca (bkz: klark çekmek) (bkz: ali desidero)
aynı zamanda family matters yedinci sezon dördüncü bölümünün adı.
aynı zamanda shark birinci sezon on üçüncü bölümünün adı.
