ing. gerillim
(bkz: tansiyon)
giris sampleını toolun sober sarkisindan almis olan orbital sarkisi. the altogether albümünün acilis parcasidir.
new model army'nin 1984 tarihli vengeance albümünden bir şarkı. sözleri: like a desert, so smooth so calm, like velvet like wire, so taut so stretched, like steel the surface is rippling and straining and cracking from within like a bomb just ticking and waiting like hours and hours keep folding and winding and stretching and deep down inside the foundations are tearing apart and the holes are all gaping swallowing everything please take me out of this dream tension nightmares like circles of lies all hidden seething and smouldering under the covers no fire, no passion but uneasy silence and peace in terror i'm waiting for the one great explosion please take me out of this dream tension
(bkz: ac schnitzer tension)
ing. çekme gerilimi; çekme basıncı
avenged sevenfold'un diamonds in the rough albümünden günlük hayatın stresi temalı güzel bir şarkı. i wake up every morning, bright and early roll out of bed but i'm never quite alone tension is pulling me in all directions and all these problems use me as their own sometimes the pressure will just drive you crazy at any time i could explode i need some piece of mind, it's got me tired don't wanna lose it, but i'm turning down that road i need a moment 'cause i've spread myself to thin we all need a moment in our lives work's hard, the days too long and that's just where it begins tension has had us all this time i sit in traffic every single morning just as i arrive, i'm slaving to the grind making the money so i feed my family but i can't raise them, 'cause i ain't got the time i got no free days on my busy schedule i turn the page and it's the same don't like my situation, you don't either don't wanna look back scared i'm workin' life away i need a moment 'cause i've spread myself to thin we all need a moment in our lives work's hard, the days too long and that's just where it begins tension has had us all this time but every now and then i drive alone an open road hot summer day a gentle breeze that feels alright on the road and i can feel no pain only strength enjoy the sights i feel alive relaxing here just feels alright far from home i need a moment 'cause i've spread myself to thin we all need a moment in our lives work's hard, the days too long and that's just where it begins tension has had us all this time
yük doğrultusunda boyunda uzamaya meyilli bir parçadaki gerilim durumu.
korn'un 3. dakika 46. saniyesinde black smoke barındıran şarkısı.
