diablo'da +10 ile +15 arasinda life (hp) veren suffix. (bkz: fox)
d h lawrencein ayni adli kitabindan uyarlanan 1967 yapimi escinsel temali film. kitap 1918'de yazilmistir. filmde kanadada kismen izole edilmis bir sekilde yasayan lezbiyen ciftin hayati, onlardan habersiz hayatlarina girecek yakisikli yabanci ile karisacaktir. * http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0062990/
(bkz: fox and his friends)
aynı zamanda bir criminal minds bölümü.
niki and the dove'un insanın içine işleyen parçası. klibiyle beraber looplanası... http://youtu.be/l2f6ubmnlq4 whenever she is weary she climbs uphill and crosses a dark trail and there she finds the fox in the wooden glade she lies by a rock and she's red she smells of violets and she flicks her ears as i whisper i've grown a handsome tall tree, mother and i want to bear a fruit for you and i've carried your fears and your hopes, father they're so heavy on my back, oh you should know catch some sleep i wanna find the eagle's nest oh take me with you (oh, oh) oh, and i've been waiting a lifetime for this and i am ready (oh, oh) oh, best believe me i've been up all night they call me crazy (ooh, ooh) but i wanna see what the sky looks like from your view (uh oh, uh oh, woh) but i saw your face carved in clay and i saw (she saw) it outlined against a purple sky it goes loud and deep in me loud and deep my home is on that cliff i wanna find the eagle's nest oh take me with you (oh, oh) oh, i've been waiting a lifetime for this and i am ready (uh oh, uh oh) woh, forever wanderer, i wandered all my life they never knew me (no, no) oh, i wanna see what the sky looks like from your view (uh oh, uh oh, woh) i've grown a handsome tall tree, mother and i want to bear a fruit for you and i've carried your fears and your hopes, father i'll conquer them for me and you i've grown a handsome tall tree (oh) and i want to bear a fruit for you and i've carried your fears and your hopes, father i will conquer them for me and you i've grown a handsome tall tree...
klibi sayesinde keşfettiğim süper muhteşem niki and the dove şarkısı. bir an acaba dedim, acaba karin dreijer olabilir mi bu ama hemen baktım değilmiş. fakat kuzeyli bir grupmuş kendileri zaten. her halinden belli... çok güzel çok.
