bir black sabbath parcasi
black sabbath'in 1975 tarihli sabotage albumunden bir sarki. inclination of direction, walk the turned and twisted rift with the children of creation futuristic dreams we sift clutching violently we whisper with a liquefying cry any deadly final answers that are surely doomed to die won't you help me mr. jesus, won't you tell me if you can? when you see this world we live in, do you still believe in man? if my songs become my freedom, and my freedom turns to gold then i'll ask the final question, if the answer could be sold well, that's my story and i'm sticking to it 'cause i've got no reason to lie, yeah forget your problems that don't even exist and i'll show you a way to get high, oh yeah oh yeah! so come along, you know you matter to me remember freedom is not hard to find, yeah time to stop all your messing around don't you think that i know my own mind, oh yeah oh yeah! why can't you believe, it's not here to perceive do you always have to be told, yeah for you have been taught that if your mind has been bought life's entire answer was sold, oh yeah oh yeah!
"dırı dırı dıt dıdıt, şak şak, dırı dırı dıt dıdıt, şak şak" diye çok eğlenceli bir ritmi olan muhteşem bir black sabbath parçasıdır. bu parçayı ayık kafayla dinlemek lazım. otun vereceği kıyaklığa gidecek bazı black sabbath parçalarını: (bkz: into the void) (bkz: wheels of confusion) (bkz: megalomania) (bkz: the warning) (bkz: sabbath bloody sabbath) (bkz: weet leaf) şöyle belirlersek, bunların dışında kalan parçalardan ve eğlencenin kaçırılmaması gereken bir parçadır thrill of it all. 75 çıkışlı sabotage albümünde yer alır. sözleri şöyledir: inclination of direction walk the turned and twisted thrift with the children of creation futuristic dreams we sift clutching violently we whisper with a liquefying cry any deadly final answers that are surely doomed to die won't you help me mister jesus? won't you tell me if you can? when you see this world we live in do you still believe in man? if my songs become my freedom and my freedom turns to gold then i'll ask the final question if the answer could be sold well, that's my story and i'm sticking to it 'cause i got no reason to lie, yeah forget your problems that don't even exist and i'll show you a way to get by, oh yeah so come along, you know you matter to me remember freedom is not hard to find, yeah time to stop all your messing around don't you think that i know my own mind, oh yeah why can't you believe, it's not here to perceive do you always have to be told, yeah for you have been taught that if your mind has been bought life's entire answer was sold, oh yeah dinlenebilir ilgili link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekp33uu-trm
