kayak'ın 2003 yılında piyasaya sürülen merlin bard of the unseen albümünde yer alan harika parça... albümdeki favori parçalarımdan bir tanesi... i've fashioned a sword, put it into a stone i've sent it afloat, then the sea took it in the perilous chapel it waits for arthur to raise it in front of you all with this token of power the nation won't fall it will shield you from evil and hate the dragon died on that night, pointing out his successor the hidden son to all unknown, came to fight the agressor the knights must be convinced challenging the prince he'll bring you peace and victory, so why all the harshness he'll unite the kings and rule the land, bringing light after darkness but nobles won't accept until he proves the fact that the true king alone can draw the sword from the stone reaching out for the jewelled hilt, oh its burning like fire to take the sword and claim their rights is their only desire but failure shows them why there's more than meets the eye arthur holds excalibur, the invincible weapon to fight the wrong and serve the right, i know he'll make it happen this sword will make him stronger never to be conquered now the heir to the throne has drawn the sword from the stone now the king's unsurpassed as a leader of man there's a scar from his past which he'll bear till the end like a curse it will last his own blood wants revenge…. words: i. linders/ t. scherpenzeel music: t. scherpenzeel
(bkz: excalibur)
1963 yapimi disney cizgi filmi, yonetmen wolfgang reitherman. 79 dakika, disney'in ilk tek yonetmenli calismasi. sir ector'in satosunda yasayan ve sir ector ve oglu kay tarafindan surekli hor gorulen kucuk arthur bir gun, zaten elinde saati cay masasini kurmus onu beklemekte olan merlin'le tanisir. merlin ve baykusu archimedes, bir gun kral olacak arthur'un egitimini ustlenmeye karar vermistir ve ector'in satosuna yerlesir. olaylar gelisir. muhendislik dehasi mutfakta temizlik sahnesi ve renklerin cok guzel kullanildigi madam mim'le duello, the sword in the stone'un en yarici sahneleridir; huysuz archimedes de en eglenceli karakter. merlin'in gelecege gondermeler yapip akabinde "neyse bosverelim bunlari..." diyip sapkasini duzeltmesine de hastayizdir ezelden. the sword in the stone; disney'in, tarihi karakterlere hamburger yedirip amerikan kulturunu tum dunyaya empoze etmeye calismadigi eski saf gunlerinden en guzel hatiradir bence. imdb'de "a simple movie" olarak adlandirilmasina ragmen, 1973 yapimi robin hood'la beraber cocukluguma buyuk bir iz birakmis iki cizgi filmden biridir. ki zaten amazon.com'da "better together" etiketiyle beraber satilmaktadirlar.
