"il sogno cikmak uzere, n'apacagiz bakalim... elimiz mahkum, alacagiz..." diye kara kara dusunurken ayni tarihte * bu sefer de yeni grubu the imposters ile birlikte yaptigi bu albumu piyasaya surecekmis elvis costello. "insafin kurusun elvis" diyorum ve seni siddetle kiniyorum; ama acikcasi dinlemek uzere oldugumuz enfes eserleri (oyle olduklarina neredeyse eminim) dusundukce de seviniyorum. "could be financial suicide but i've got too much pride inside to hide or slide i'll do as i'll decide and let it ride 'till i've died only then shall i abide this tide of catchy little tunes of hip three minute ditties i wanna bust all your balloons i wanna burn all of your cities to the ground" * * demek istiyorum sana elvis efendi. son olarak amazon'dan arakladigim bu editorial review ile albumun ne hakkinda olduguyla ilgili sizi bir nebze aydinlatmaya calisayim: "with the delivery man -- elvis costello and the imposters' first release for lost highway -- one of modern music's most admired and prolific talents has delivered a remarkable album that draws on deep american musical roots more than any of his releases since "king of america" in 1986. it is a collection that ranges from the ferocious, bass-driven opening track, "button my lip", which speaks in the voice of a desperate man on the verge of committing a terrible crime, to a tender and timely closing rendition of, "the scarlet tide", referred to by costello’s co-composer and fellow oscar nominee, t bone burnett as an "anti-fear song". like a lot of great things in music history, the delivery man can be said to have started with the late great johnny cash. "the delivery man is actually a character imported from a song i wrote in 1986 for johnny cash," costello explains. "he's based on a real character. i read this story in the paper about a man who confessed to murdering his childhood friend thirty years later, having been in prison for a number of other things. i thought this story was very interesting because he'd carried this burden of guilt of this childhood crime." elvis costello bunu zaten album cikararak yapmis; ama ben kendisinin ve izmir buyuksehir belediyesi'nin bana vermis olduklari yetkiye dayanarak declan macmanus adina sozluk uzerinden johnny cash'e selam ederim...
sözleri aşağıdaki gibi olan güzel şarkı. istanbul konserinin en güzel anlarındandı. "abel was able," so vivian said her shoulders flung forward her lips in a purse she talks like the beauty that she never was of fabulous wild nights that she never has in a certain light he looked like elvis in a certain way he feels like jesus everyone dreams of him just as they can but he's only a humble delivery man geraldine blushes and brushes away the cigarette ashes that vivian scatters stares out of the window at things that she says while the gossip within her competes the widow ever since he's gone, she feels like crying all the time she knows for sure vivian is lying now she has a daughter to raise as she can but she just wouldn't trust that delivery man ivy puts down the ghost story she's reading looks up at that face on the wall thinking about how her father lay bleeding shot in the back 'cos orders were misleading how a flag and a medal don't have any meaning on the fifth of july as they tore down the fair and he'd seen all the local girls who were worth kissing with the smell of the gunpowder still in the air they noticed that abel and ivy were missing in a certain light he looked like elvis in a certain way he seemed like jesus he said, "why can't you be kind to me like you were meant to be?" "when they let me out i had a brand new identity now everyone dreams of me just as they can. i want to be your delivery man." in a certain light he looked like elvis in a certain way he seemed like jesus in a certain light he looked like elvis in a certain way he felt like jesus
