bir şirketteki, ülkedeki, vs. güç sahibi tek adam. "da men" diye okunursa etkisi artar.
riot'ın "inishmore" albümünde yer alan harika parça: the man i'm tired of running, i'm tired of who i am i've been obsolved from this prison which i stand. i pray for freedom from everything i see somebody please set me free oh no i'm never looking back no now i'm in for the attack here i stand, you know who i am, running for the highway i'm the man here i stand, catch me if you can, burning down the highway i'm the man i see your justice i watch your wicked ways, steal their minds and then you will betray. you feed them silence and make them lose their will freedom song running still. oh no i'm coming after you. no now there's nothing you can do. here i stand, you know who i am, running for the highway i'm the man here i stand, catch me if you can, burning down the highway i'm the man here i stand, you know who i am, running for the highway i'm the man here i stand, catch me if you can, burning down the highway i'm the man here i stand, you know who i am, i'm running long here i stand, catch me if you can, coming after you i've been running hard. i've been running long. i've been running so long
(bkz: attica blues) you can crush me control me harass me deny me enslave me in chains but you will never hold me blind me defy me crush me control me harass me deny me enslave me in chains you can crush me control me harass me deny me enslave me in chains but you will never hold me remind me to find me to tear me appart 'cause you and i both know there's someone that we all know all been punched by the wounds won't show be thankful that i'm taking time to warn you about a path that could be detrimental to your heart, pride, love and pain deep scars that will never heal again he'll consume you you don't want to play i assure you he'll put you under his spell (that's the bad guy) if the plan goes well (that's the bad guy) hypnotize playing jedi tricks on your mind you can crush me control me harass me deny me enslave me in chains but you will never hold me blind me defy me crush me control me harass me deny me you can crush me control me harass me deny me enslave me in chains but you will never hold me remind me to find me to tear me appart 'cause you and i both know now cut the sinnin' kin when he's around don't be no slave to the scoundrel use you and expose your inner fears and then he's done here dressed in silk but tangled in his web sucked dry don't say your surprised. he'll consume you you don't want to play i assure you he'll put you under his spell (that's the bad guy) assume his plan will go well (say good night to the bad guy) hypnotize playing jedi tricks on your mind. you can crush me control me harass me deny me enslave me in chains but you will never hold me blind me defy me crush me control me harass me deny me you can crush me control me harass me deny me enslave me in chains but you will never hold me remind me to find me to tear me appart 'cause you and i both know you're the man (who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men? muahahaha) enslave me in chains but you will never hold me enslave me in chains but you will never hold me you can crush me control me harass me deny me enslave me in chains but you will never hold me blind me defy me crush me control me harass me deny me enslave me in chains you can crush me control me harass me deny me enslave me in chains but you will never hold me remind me to find me to tear me appart 'cause you and i both know you can crush me control me harass me deny me enslave me in chains but you will never hold me blind me defy me crush me control me harass me deny me enslave me in chains you can crush me control me harass me deny me enslave me in chains but you will never hold me remind me to find me to tear me appart 'cause you and i both know you're the man 'cause you and i both know (the man) (the man) (the, the, the, the, the man) (the man)
ingilizcede, sokak dilinde* torbaci anlamına gelir.
(bkz: half the man)
sadece basrolunde oynayan samuel l jackson icin bile seyredilebilecek eglencelik bir film.. yonetmeni les mayfield, ki kendisini american outlaws ile taniyoruz.. filmin icerisinde gecen turkiye muhabbeti ise bambaska (bkz: hollywood filmlerinde turkiye muhabbeti gecmesi).. samuel l jackson ile basrolu paylasan eugene levy'ye alakasiz ve istem disi bir sekilde turk lakabi takilmasi (gerci burada* yapilmisi varmis (bkz: #2614935)), filmin kotu adaminin "turklerin elinden bile kurtulmayi basarmis, tehlikeli bir adam demek" gibisinden bir muhabbet cevirmesi, taksicinin turk olmasi, ustune ustluk eugene levy'nin filmde istanbul icin "gitmediyseniz mutlaka gidin, gorulmesi gereken bir sehir" ifadelerini kullanip bedavadan reklam yapmasi ilginc detaylardi.. sonuc olarak samuel l jackson aksanina ve hollywood filmlerinde turkiye muhabbeti gecmesine hastaysaniz gormeniz gereken, hollywood tarzi aksiyon-komedi dusmaniysaniz itinayla kacmaniz gereken bir film olmus.. not: samuel l jackson bir sahnede "it's a tasty burger" lafini kullanmis, pulp fiction'a ufaktan bir selam cakmistir.. ya da bana oyle gelmistir, bilemem..
dünyaca ünlü çizgifilm pembe panter'deki bir karakter. baştan aşağı bembeyaz ve bıyıklıdır. edit: resmi için: http://dts.ystoretools.com/…200x200/pipamanacfi.jpg
amerikan ve biraz da ingiliz kültüründe "otorite" nin simgesidir. biz kısaca -ler -lar ekiyle ifade ederiz.
senaryosu the 51st state ile hemen hemen aynı olan film. iki filmde de: --- spoiler --- * iki adam var, birincisi salak, diğeri samuel jackson * salak olan adamın işle ilgili olmayan, bütün harala güreleye rağmen halletmesi gereken bir iş var * bu iş, filmin çözülme sahnesinden önce hallediliyor * salak olan adam, film başlangıcında kıçından vuruluyor * samuel jackson, karizmayı tespit için, filmin bir yerinde tane tane küfür ediyor * samuel jackson mutlaka osuruk kokusuna maruz kalıyor --- spoiler ---
dixie's'in me$hur acisi. catalin ucuna ufacik bir nokta bile hayati size zehir etmeye yeter. tahminlerimiz bunun habanero oldugu yonunde.
fazla bilinmeyen bir michael jackson - paul mccartney düeti; there’s a man who plays the game of life so well there’s such a man his thoughts you can never tell and it’s just the way he thought it would be cause the day has come for him to be free i’m alive and i’m here forever this is the man and it’s just the way she thought it would be as he says, something has happened to me then he laughs, he kicks and rolls up his sleeves i’m alive and i’m here forever this is the man there’s a man everybody thought they knew there’s such a man he’s not like me and you and it’s just the way she thought it would be as he says, something has happened to me then he laughs, he kicks and rolls up his sleeves i’m alive and i’m here forever this is the man and it’s just the way she thought it would be as he says, something has happened to me then he laughs, he kicks and rolls up his sleeves i’m alive and i’m here forever this is the man and it’s just the way she thought it would be as he says, something has happened to me then he laughs, he kicks and rolls up his sleeves i’m alive and i’m here forever this is the man.
kanal d'de adamım adıyla yayınlanmış film.
barry white 'in 1978 tarihli albumu. film yapim sirketi 20th century fox'in plak sirketi olan 20th century records'dan cikmistir. cogu soul muzik sever icin 80li yillar en iyi soul funk muzisyenleri icin bile pop muzigin dehlizlerinde yasanan bir kabus oldugu icin bu album de barry white' in son iyi albumu olarak gorulur. yaklasik olarak 40 dakikayi biraz gecen bir albumdur ve sarkilar genelde uzun sarkilardir. albumun belki de en bilinen sarkisi "it's only love doing its thing" en kisa sarkisidir. your sweetness is my weakness, sha la la (means i love you) , early years albumun goze carpan diger sarkilaridir.
(bkz: the man that i don't know) (bkz: primal fear)
bu filmin bir sahnesinde arabada giderlerken eugene levy "nerem türk'e benziyo benim?" gibi bir sual sorar, samuel l jackson reyis de "aynaya bak" şeklinde cevap verir. eugene aynaya bakar ve yüzünde anlamış bir ifade belirir. bilmeyenler için, eugene levy'nin tipi şu şekildedir. tövbe estağfurullah.
(bkz: bill goldberg)
(bkz: working for the man)
