the d.o.c'nin no one can do it better şaheserinden çıkan çok derin liriklere sahip bir parça. marvin gaye'in inner city blues'undan sample'lar içeren bu parçada klavyeci her kimse çok iyi çıkarmış, batının g funk anlayışı ile doğunun şiirselliği bir araya gelip kulaklara bayram ettirmiştir. high energy flowin' with the wisdom sense of a rich man, knowledge and the rhythm this is what i'm using to come up with a style so i'll interact altogether better with the crowd nervous for a second then the record starts spinnin' and i fall into the state of mind of what i'd just created pump it like the dr. d into the r.e. suckers ready to leap up on the tip when we made it creative so i'll never be regarded as a regular more than just a little bit better than my competitor you should never underestimate the fashion i hold for the stage whether i'm coolin' or thrashin'' clockin' the concoction created by me when read you read e = the d.o. to the c. knowledge and the talent that my mother had born to her equals an artist that wont' be worn, what is that dre? it's the formula it's like a message that only i could understand but those who want to comprehend will again be in the midst of the brother unlike another in any way 'cause dre don't play, say what the other say originality is a must whenever i bust a funky composition, it's crush and i trust that you know it when you hear a funky record with potential me gettin' hype 'cause dre rockin' the instrumental nothing like what you've heard before and more, never less see i don't fess, i mean i'm like fresh if not the freshest when i'm expressin' my thoughts on vinyl, you can't help but listen up and get caught on hooked because i cook when i pick up a pen and begin, in the end it's dope, that's 'cause i want to win knowledge and the talent that my mother had born to her equals the doc, what is it dre? yo, man that's the formula keepin' it dope as long as i can like imagine makin' each record that i do better than the last one take a little time, choose the topic and drop it release it, the science of makin' dope beats with rhythmic american poetry shipped it to stations, now many people know of me i'm the d. into the o. and the o. into the c. and the c. into the period suckers are fearing' this when heard, the dope style calculated by the great wait and take just a second to get caught up in my record new but not a kid to be worn if something' gettin' torn up then i'm doin' the tearin', not bein' torn shapin up to be one for the top vocalist lyricist and when you hear of this you shouldn't choke on this knowledge and the talent makes it valid for me to get it patented dre, tellin' what i'm rappin' the formula in effect and i'm smooth, that's why i'm on the incline suckers frontin' for nothin' 'cause i'm goin' to get mine it's in the cards and i thank i might have read this so dont' lie and try to front like someone said this most who know thoughts served by the doc see that it's a mission impossible, tryin' to rock me for an arena who'd ask me to perform for her g.o. and easily i flow and ya know usin' the formula
aynı zamanda csi ny altıncı sezon on beşinci bölümünün adı.
