bir (bkz: nitin sawhney) parcasi olarak the pilgrim : woke up in the morning in a temple kinda lucky on my feet for it was central so i walk across the village saw a group of kids pillage and i thought to myself i might be ment to you see pilgrims in the town all seem to hold a frown say all they wanna be is diggy down you know speck thought he'd ask but figured it's just a mask tthis guy's on something else that's profound i'm not the stool or the fool or the leader here to rule not the lover or the fighter who came here to duel but i thought i looked into, but i walked into so i can understand all the rules, cool? life is like a puzzle not pieced yet might take a village ever long to see that don't break your ties meet my pal compromise and the kid you wanna be you can be that who's ever watched the world that's my motto don't ever wanna play the head honcho dig but huh if you try to push i won't beat around the bush straight up you're getting dissed on the pronto. life is like a puzzle not pieced yet might take a village ever long to see that don't break your ties meet my pal compromise and the kid you wanna be you can be that if i could, i'd solve the problems of the world that exist if i could always chill, i would without resist if you weren't so litteral, brother you might get it pack my bags, tambourines, and jeans so don't sweat it life is like a puzzle not pieced yet might take a village ever long to see that don't break your ties meet my pal compromise and the kid you wanna be you can be that life is like a puzzle not pieced yet might take a village ever long to see that don't break your ties meet my pal compromise and the kid you wanna be you can be that life is like a puzzle not pieced yet. as the journey continues i gain current instincts i feel i know what they must be thinking, for instance when they speak in riddles i'm left with the question but won't stop arguments to kill attention they all got a sixth sense to be one another so pilgrims seek refuge undercover where it's fly like birds to live a lot is absurd try telling that to this kid named unver life is like a puzzle not pieced yet might take a village ever long to see that don't break your ties meet my pal compromise and the kid you wanna be you can be that life is like a puzzle not pieced yet might take a village ever long to see that don't break your ties meet my pal compromise and the kid you wanna be you can be that i met him on tour a week on for twenty four he was born in the village, but left in ninety four now he's still got probs he doesn't know how to solve i said, "unver, i've been there before" in the light of understanding i forgot it sometimes the boat shakes when you rock it i told him we are like family, a part of humanity don't overdo, and don't toss it. life is like a puzzle not pieced yet might take a village ever long to see that don't break your ties meet my pal compromise and the kid you wanna be you can be that life is like a puzzle not pieced yet might take a village ever long to see that don't break your ties meet my pal compromise and the kid you wanna be you can be that he dug and moved on with his life 'cause he digs it gets real dark at night don't want a collar that's blue or a reflection of you just wants us to get his plight myself i'd like the years just to take me away it might leave a part of this world in dismay but the village calls the pilgriming negroes after all i'm just one needle in the hay now what i'm speaking in is symbolics but you can call it what you want to call it see all that i do is throw words, and i hope that you caught it only got one arrow but i aim for two targets life is like a puzzle not pieced yet might take a village ever long to see that don't break your ties meet my pal compromise and the kid you wanna be you can be that life is like a puzzle not pieced yet might take a village ever long to see that don't break your ties meet my pal compromise and the kid you wanna be you can be that you can be that, you can be that (bkz: beyond skin)
pilgrimage albümünden 8 dakikayı geçen wishbone ash şarkısı.
1923 yapımı charles chaplin filmi.
(bkz: slaughterhouse-five)
jerry lee lewis’in mart ayında piyasaya sürülecek sıfır kilometre albümü. albümde sanatçıya eşlik eden bazı sanatçılar bruce springsteen, mick jagger, ronnie wood, neil young, keith richards, kid rock, rod stewart, willie nelson, little richard, buddy guy, don henley, kris kristofferson, eric clapton, ringo starr, jimmy page, ve b. b. king şeklindedir.
iron maiden'ın a matter of life and death albümünde yer alan 5.07 süreye sahip bir gers/harris parçası.
prisoner a ithaf ettiğim,güzel melodili iron maiden parçası.
a matter of life and death albümünden ...sözleri de şöyle ki : the keys to death and hell the ailing kingdom doomed to fail the bonds of sin and heart will break the pilgrims course will take quelling the devils might and ready for eternal fight aching limbs and fainting soul holy battles take their toll liberty and hope divine changing the water into wine so to you we bid farewell kingdom of heaven to hell spirit holy life eternal raise me up take me home pilgrim sunrise pagan sunset onward journey begun to courage find and gracious will deliver good from ill clean the water clean our guilt with us do what you will then will my judge appear bear no false angel that i hear for only then i will confess to my eternal hell now give us our holy sign changing the water into wine so to you we bid farewell kingdom of heaven to hell spirit holy life eternal raise me up take me home pilgrim sunrise pagan sunset onward journey begun now give us our holy sign changing the water into wine so to you we bid farewell kingdom of heaven to hell spirit holy life eternal raise me up take me home pilgrim sunrise pagan sunset onward journey begun
yer yer rainbow etkileri gözüken süper bir maiden parçasıdır.
nakaratından sonra gelen riff'ine hayran olduğum, bayıldığım şarkı.
her dinlediğimde zihnimde "sen sev beni ay kıııız" sözlerini totomdan oturttuğum bir girişe sahip, bilmesem ayna şarkısı diyeceğim maiden parçası. aslında şarkının gerisi muhteşem tabi, ama o giriş. sen sev beni ay...
ne ilgisi var, ben de anlamadım ama (bkz: plagiarism).
müziğinde bir zafer edası bulunduran müthiş iron maiden eseri.
world of warcraft'ta şükran gününe özel görevleri yaparak kazanabileceğiniz title. x the pilgrim şeklinde gözükmekte adınız. kurban bayramı için de achivement isteme sebebimiz.
öyle bir girişi var ki şarkının, o riff'ten sonra osuruk kaydetseler oturup dinleriz zaten yarım saat. bu arada wishbone ash'in de the pilgrim isminde bir şarkısı var. maiden amcaların idolüdür wishbone ash.
iron maiden eseri. türkçe sözleri yazalım ki dimağlar şenlensin \o/ : ölüm ve cehenneme giden anahtarlar hasta krallık kaybetmeye terk edildi günah zincirleri ve kalpler kırılacak hacıların sürecine girilecek şeytanın gücünü bastırıyor ve sonsuz savaşa hazırlanıyor ağrılı uzuvlar ve baygınlık geçiren ruhlar kutsal savaş payını alacak özgürlük ve umut; ilahi.. suyu şaraba çeviriyor sana veda etmeyi teklif ediyor cennetin krallığından cehenneme ruh kutsal, yaşam sonsuz uyandır beni, al evine din güneşin doğuşu, pagan güneşin batışı ileriye doğru seyahat başladı cesaret bulmak ve merhamet istemek için kötüden iyi çıkar suyu arındır; bizi günahlarımızdan arındır bizimle yap yapacağını sonra hak ettiğim görünecek mi hatalarımı üstlenmem, duymadan ancak o zaman kabul edeceğim sonsuz cehennemimi şimdi, kutsal işaretini ver bize suyumuzu şaraba çevirerek… sana veda etmeyi teklif ediyor cennetin krallığından cehenneme ruh kutsal, yaşam sonsuz uyandır beni, eve al din güneşin doğuşu, pagan güneşin batışı ileriye doğru seyahat başladı
2006 çıkıslı a matter of life and death albümünden bir iron maiden şarkısıdır. steve harris ve janick gers bestesidir. sözleri de zaten yukarlarda bir yerlerde yazıyordur.
