süper bir gerilim filmi. özellikle kadın başrol oyuncusunu kutluyorum oyunculuğundan dolayı. ama filmde keanu reeves'in yardımcı oyuncu konumunda olması garibime gitti.
o denli denyo filmler (bkz: pearl harbor) yere göğe konulamaz, bir çok film* "abi ama efektleri süperdi" diye adamdan sayılır iken the gift, ya da türkiye'de oynadığı ismi ile 3. göz, hem kurgusuyla hem de hiçbir efekt kullanmadan çok güzel yansıtabildiği dream sequence'ları ve çeşitli gerilim sahneleri ile bence göz dolduruyordu. hepsi bir yana filmin sonuna kadar tahmin edemediğimiz sonu, bu sona ulaştırmak için verdiği ayrıntılar ve bu ayrıntıları yansıtırken kullandığı saman altı close-up'lar, bizi hercule poirot rolüne soyunduran (ve son dakikalara kadar patlamamıza sebep olan) akışı ile film bence kesinlikle kötü değil, aksine kendi türünde başarılı addedilmesi gereken bir popüler çalışma idi. cate blanchett esp sahibi egzantrik kadın rolüne pek uygun, bunun yanı sıra herkes "allahın siktirettiği yer brixton'lı" imajını epey güzel yansıtmış, wasted southerner, redneck gibi kavramların canlı kanıtı bir takım insanlar olarak (rol icabı) ortamda yerlerini almışlar.
keanu reeves'in sinirli adam rolune iyi gittiği, fazla üstün bir yani olmayan film... kimin suçlu oldugu bir yana, kimin suçlu olmadıgı son derece açık olan bir film...
newage: oha dolaba bak kesin gerilicez portakal: abi sen şu koridora bak normal zamanda gerilirsin zaten burda newage: aha arkasını dönücek dolapta asılı bişey görücek gerilicez portakal: kadının cesedi görecek cate blanchett arkasını döner, yerde su vardır sadece portakal & newage: aeaaaeaeea
what lies beneath'le pekçok ortak ögesi bulunan film.
kendi türünün içinde vasat tanımlamasından sıyrılan bir yapıt olmuş.. özellikle giovanni ismindeki eleman pskopat rolüne çuk oturmuş.. ve bir çok sahnede what lies beneath'ı andırıyor.. ayrıca yönetmenin kasvetli sahnelerdeki başarısı da oldukça iyi ama her daim tim burton derim böyle filmler için..
banal otesi , stephen king kopyasi bir senaryo, hele turkce adi baska bir slaklik, dawsons daki o hatun icin cekildigi bariz belli (bkz: benim babam senin babani dover)
kasabanın kevaşesi rolünü üstlenmiş elmacık kemikleri elmadan ziyade diğer mevsim meyvelerini andıran hanım kişi meğerse dawsons creek'teki "acaba bu sene aramızdan biri çıtayı yükseltebilir mi dawson?" gibi şahane repliklerin sahibi ile aynı kişi imiş. biz kendisini dombili tanımış, sallak bellemiş, sınıfın ineği, dawson'ın yareni ezik ve dantel yakalı kız imajı ile belleklere kazımış idik. filmdeki çıplak kaldığı sahnede yan koltukta oturan sevgili dostun "ahııınnnnn" (trade mark by ssg) yorumu ile kendimize geldik, katie holmes ismini de hem dawson's creek gibi bir yapımda yer alması hem de the gift'teki performansı sebebi ile shitlist'imize kazıdık.
senaryoda a simple plan ve 'sling blade' filmlerinin ana elementlerinden biri, amerikan kasaba hayati atmosferini yerinde yansitabilen billy bob thornton'un eli varmis.
kadın oyuncak kamyonete tekme atarkene bi ses çıkıyoki sanırsınız zincirleme trafik kazası oldu..o nasıl ses çıkarma çoşkusudur yarabbi...allah akıl fikir ihsan eylesin
(bkz: donnie barksdale)
1968 model velvet underground albümü white light white heatte bulunan yedi dakikalık şarkı. aslında şarkı demek çok da doğru değil çünkü john cale, vahşi bir pschedelic jamin üzerine radyofonik olarak sözleri okumuştur. söz dediğimiz de aslında reedin seneler önce üniversitedeyken yazdığı ürkünç bir hikaye. the murder mysterydeki gibi ilginç bir teknikle kaydı yapılmıştır. bir hoparlörden calein sesi gelir, diğerinden bahsi edilen psychedeli jamin tınıları duyulur. bir hoparlördeki sesi kesince geriye sadece diğeri kalır; isteğinize göre calein tekinsizlikle okuduğu hikayeyi, isterseniz velvet underground usulü jami dinleyebilirsiniz. ilk dakikayı, 24 veya 25 saniye geçerken, tüm grup üyeleri bir ağızdan "awww" nidasını yayarlar. waldo jeffers had reached his limit. it was now mid-august which meant he had been separated from marsha for more than two months. two months, and all he had to show was three dog-eared letters and two very expensive long-distance phone calls. true, when school had ended and she'd returned to wisconsin, and he to locust, pennsylvania, she had sworn to maintain a certain fidelity. she would date occasionally, but merely as amusement. she would remain faithful. but lately waldo had begun to worry. he had trouble sleeping at night and when he did, he had horrible dreams. he lay awake at night, tossing and turning underneath his pleated quilt protector, tears welling in his eyes as he pictured marsha, her sworn vows overcome by liquor and the smooth soothing of some neanderthal, finally submitting to the final caresses of sexual oblivion. it was more than the human mind could bear. visions of marsha's faithlessness haunted him. daytime fantasies of sexual abandon permeated his thoughts. and the thing was, they wouldn't understand how she really was. he, waldo, alone understood this. he had intuitively grasped every nook and cranny of her psyche. he had made her smile. she needed him, and he wasn't there (awww...). the idea came to him on the thursday before the mummers' parade was scheduled to appear. he'd just finished mowing and etching the edelsons lawn for a dollar fifty and had checked the mailbox to see if there was at least a word from marsha. there was nothing but a circular from the amalgamated aluminum company of america inquiring into his awing needs. at least they cared enough to write. it was a new york company. you could go anywhere in the mails. then it struck him. he didn't have enough money to go to wisconsin in the accepted fashion, true, but why not mail himself? it was absurdly simple. he would ship himself parcel post, special delivery. the next day waldo went to the supermarket to purchase the necessary equipment. he bought masking tape, a staple gun and a medium sized cardboard box just right for a person of his build. he judged that with a minimum of jostling he could ride quite comfortably. a few airholes, some water, perhaps some midnight snacks, and it would probably be as good as going tourist. by friday afternoon, waldo was set. he was thoroughly packed and the post office had agreed to pick him up at three o'clock. he'd marked the package "fragile", and as he sat curled up inside, resting on the foam rubber cushioning he'd thoughtfully included, he tried to picture the look of awe and happiness on marshas face as she opened her door, saw the package, tipped the deliverer, and then opened it to see her waldo finally there in person. she would kiss him, and then maybe they could see a movie. if he'd only thought of this before. suddenly rough hands gripped his package and he felt himself borne up. he landed with a thud in a truck and was off. marsha bronson had just finished setting her hair. it had been a very rough weekend. she had to remember not to drink like that. bill had been nice about it though. after it was over he'd said he still respected her and, after all, it was certainly the way of nature, and even though, no he didn't love her, he did feel an affection for her. and after all, they were grown adults. oh, what bill could teach waldo - but that seemed many years ago. sheila klein, her very, very best friend, walked in through the porch screen door and into the kitchen. "oh gawd, it's absolutely maudlin outside." "ach, i know what you mean, i feel all icky!" marsha tightened the belt on her cotton robe with the silk outer edge. sheila ran her finger over some salt grains on the kitchen table, licked her finger and made a face. "i'm supposed to be taking these salt pills, but," she wrinkled her nose, "they make me feel like throwing up." marsha started to pat herself under the chin, an exercise she'd seen on television. "god, don't even talk about that." she got up from the table and went to the sink where she picked up a bottle of pink and blue vitamins. "want one? supposed to be better than steak," and then attempted to touch her knees. "i don't think i'll ever touch a daiquiri again." she gave up and sat down, this time nearer the small table that supported the telephone. "maybe bill'll call," she said to sheila's glance. sheila nibbled on a cuticle. "after last night, i thought maybe you'd be through with him." "i know what you mean. my god, he was like an octopus. hands all over the place." she gestured, raising her arms upwards in defense. "the thing is, after a while, you get tired of fighting with him, you know, and after all i didn't really do anything friday and saturday so i kind of owed it to him. you know what i mean." she started to scratch. sheila was giggling with her hand over her mouth. "i'll tell you, i felt the same way, and even after a while," here she bent forward in a whisper, "i wanted to!" now she was laughing very loudly. it was at this point that mr. jameson of the clarence darrow post office rang the doorbell of the large stucco colored frame house. when marsha bronson opened the door, he helped her carry the package in. he had his yellow and his green slips of paper signed and left with a fifteen cent tip that marsha had gotten out of her mother's small beige pocketbook in the den. "what do you think it is?" sheila asked. marsha stood with her arms folded behind her back. she stared at the brown cardboard carton that sat in the middle of the living room. "i dunno." inside the package, waldo quivered with excitement as he listened to the muffled voices. sheila ran her fingernail over the masking tape that ran down the center of the carton. "why don't you look at the return address and see who it's from?" waldo felt his heart beating. he could feel the vibrating footsteps. it would be soon. marsha walked around the carton and read the ink-scratched label. "ah, god, it's from waldo!" "that schmuck!" said sheila. waldo trembled with expectation. "well, you might as well open it," said sheila. both of them tried to lift the staple flap. "ah sst," said marsha, groaning, "he must have nailed it shut." they tugged on the flap again. "my god, you need a power drill to get this thing open!" they pulled again. "you can't get a grip." they both stood still, breathing heavily. "why don't you get a scissor," said sheila. marsha ran into the kitchen, but all she could find was a little sewing scissor. then she remembered that her father kept a collection of tools in the basement. she ran downstairs, and when she came back up, she had a large sheet metal cutter in her hand. "this is the best i could find." she was very out of breath. "here, you do it. i-i'm gonna die." she sank into a large fluffy couch and exhaled noisily. sheila tried to make a slit between the masking tape and the end of the cardboard flap, but the blade was too big and there wasn't enough room. "god damn this thing!" she said feeling very exasperated. then smiling, "i got an idea." "what?" said marsha. "just watch," said sheila, touching her finger to her head. inside the package, waldo was so transfixed with excitement that he could hardly breathe. his skin felt prickly from the heat, and he could feel his heart beating in his throat. it would be soon. sheila stood quite upright and walked around to the other side of the package. then she sank down to her knees, grasped the cutter by both handles, took a deep breath, and plunged the long blade through the middle of the package, through the masking tape, through the cardboard, through the cushioning and (thud) right through the center of waldo jeffers head, which split slightly and caused little rhythmic arcs of red to pulsate gently in the morning sun.
5in ustunde sahnesinde yukardan sarkan mikrofonun gozuktugu, germekten çok uzak iç bayici film
(bkz: the force)
(bkz: giovanni ribisi)
bir sam raimi filmi. sam raimi bu filmde bir degisiklik yaparak kankasi ve diger filmlerinin composeri danny elfman'a filmin composerligini vermemis film icinde kucuk bir rol vermistir. cate blanchett oyunculugu ve karizmasi ile yine izleyeni kendisine hayran birakir.
(bkz: fiddler on the green)
tüm vucüdumun gerilim yüzünden ağrıdığı ender filmlerden biri.
bir de aynı adlı albümen bir the jam şarkısı. move move i've got the gift of life can't you see it in the twinkle of my eye i can't stand up and i can't sit down i gotta keep movin' i gotta keep movin' all the time that gets wasted hating why don't you move together and make your heart feel better move move to the beat of this drum feel it in the wind and the warmth of the sun don't stand up and don't sit down keep on movin' keep on movin' think of the future and make it grow why don't you move together an' make your heart feel better take a pinch of white and pinch of black mix it together and make a movin' flavour this sort of flavour gets right up their nose take a pinch of white and pinch of black you mix it together an' make your heart feel better move move we got the gift of life go and shout it from your roof mountain top give it to me once, give it to me twice we gotta keep movin' we gotta keep movin'
gerim gerim gerildiğim film.güzeldi ama*
tarot kartlarıyla gereğinden fazla haşır neşir olunan bir dönemde rastgele "bu neymiş ki" diye cd-rom'a koyulan bir film olunca insanı ekstradan geren ve kartlarına korkuyla yaklaşmasına sebep olan bir filmmiş bu, ben bugün bunu gördüm. filmde psychic kadın rolünü üstlenen cate blanchett'ın lord of the rings'te de galadriel rolünde karşımıza çıkmış olması bu bayanın nur yüzünün hollywood tarafından da benimsenip tutulduğunu gösteriyor. kullandığı kartların ne tarot ne iskambil kartları olması "bu da nesi" şeklinde düşüncelere sebebiyet verdiyse de "vardır bir bildiği" diyerek bu konu üzerinde fazla düşünmedik. yine keanu reeves'in hırçın ve rahatsız edici avukatının the green mile'daki sempatik fare sahibi mahkûm oluşu kendisi hakkındaki duygularımızı çeliştirmesine rağmen hoş bir enstantaneydi. katie holmes ise dawson's creek'teki pantolon-gömlek kombinasyonlarının aksine korkunçlu da olsa bol kepçe çıplak çıplak gözümüze sokuldu, düzgün hatları ve çarpık gülümsemesi yüzünden kendisinden bir kere daha nefret ettik. filmin sonuna gelince, biraz the sixth sense, biraz what lies beneath koksa da haz verdi, "keşke son on dakikasını seyretmeseymişim" dedirtmedi. yine de ben bu filmin çok benzerini dandik bir televizyon kanalında dandik oyuncularla seyretmiş gibiyim ama belki de gelecekte çekilecek olan taklidini görüyorumdur, kim bilir.
mulderlı sezon sekiz bölümü.*
gaz bir the magister yapıtı.
sanıldığı gibidanny elfman filmde müzikleri yapmamıştır sadece küçük bir rolle karşımıza çıkmıştır bu sam raimi filminde.
filmin sonu çok güzeldir, etkileyicidir. (bkz: spoiler)
filmin turkiyedeki afisine bakildginda ust tarafta oyuncularin isimleri gorulmektedir. burada ilginc bir detay gorunmektedir ki ana kadro icinde cate blanchettin ismi iki kere gecmektedir. sanirsiniz ki filmde iki farkli rolde oynuyor. ancak oyle birsey olmadigi malum. oldukca komik bir basim hatasidir.
1967 cikisli white light white heat'in ikinci parcasi. 8 dakika 19 saniye boyunca lou reed'in yazdigini john cale sol kanaldan okuyor sag kanalda ise velvets sakin sakin caliyor... waldo jeffers had reached his limit. it was now mid-august which meant he had been separated from marsha for more than two months. two months, and all he had to show was three dog-eared letters and two very expensive long-distance phone calls. true, when school had ended and she'd returned to wisconsin, and he to locust, pennsylvania, she had sworn to maintain a certain fidelity. she would date occasionally, but merely as amusement. she would remain faithful. but lately waldo had begun to worry. he had trouble sleeping at night and when he did, he had horrible dreams. he lay awake at night, tossing and turning underneath his pleated quilt protector, tears welling in his eyes as he pictured marsha, her sworn vows overcome by liquor and the smooth soothing of some neanderthal, finally submitting to the final caresses of sexual oblivion. it was more than the human mind could bear. visions of marsha's faithlessness haunted him. daytime fantasies of sexual abandon permeated his thoughts. and the thing was, they wouldn't understand how she really was. he, waldo, alone understood this. he had intuitively grasped every nook and cranny of her psyche. he had made her smile. she needed him, and he wasn't there (awww...). the idea came to him on the thursday before the mummers' parade was scheduled to appear. he'd just finished mowing and etching the edelsons lawn for a dollar fifty and had checked the mailbox to see if there was at least a word from marsha. there was nothing but a circular from the amalgamated aluminum company of america inquiring into his awing needs. at least they cared enough to write. it was a new york company. you could go anywhere in the mails. then it struck him. he didn't have enough money to go to wisconsin in the accepted fashion, true, but why not mail himself? it was absurdly simple. he would ship himself parcel post, special delivery. the next day waldo went to the supermarket to purchase the necessary equipment. he bought masking tape, a staple gun and a medium sized cardboard box just right for a person of his build. he judged that with a minimum of jostling he could ride quite comfortably. a few airholes, some water, perhaps some midnight snacks, and it would probably be as good as going tourist. by friday afternoon, waldo was set. he was thoroughly packed and the post office had agreed to pick him up at three o'clock. he'd marked the package "fragile", and as he sat curled up inside, resting on the foam rubber cushioning he'd thoughtfully included, he tried to picture the look of awe and happiness on marshas face as she opened her door, saw the package, tipped the deliverer, and then opened it to see her waldo finally there in person. she would kiss him, and then maybe they could see a movie. if he'd only thought of this before. suddenly rough hands gripped his package and he felt himself borne up. he landed with a thud in a truck and was off. marsha bronson had just finished setting her hair. it had been a very rough weekend. she had to remember not to drink like that. bill had been nice about it though. after it was over he'd said he still respected her and, after all, it was certainly the way of nature, and even though, no he didn't love her, he did feel an affection for her. and after all, they were grown adults. oh, what bill could teach waldo - but that seemed many years ago. sheila klein, her very, very best friend, walked in through the porch screen door and into the kitchen. "oh gawd, it's absolutely maudlin outside." "ach, i know what you mean, i feel all icky!" marsha tightened the belt on her cotton robe with the silk outer edge. sheila ran her finger over some salt grains on the kitchen table, licked her finger and made a face. "i'm supposed to be taking these salt pills, but," she wrinkled her nose, "they make me feel like throwing up." marsha started to pat herself under the chin, an exercise she'd seen on television. "god, don't even talk about that." she got up from the table and went to the sink where she picked up a bottle of pink and blue vitamins. "want one? supposed to be better than steak," and then attempted to touch her knees. "i don't think i'll ever touch a daiquiri again." she gave up and sat down, this time nearer the small table that supported the telephone. "maybe bill'll call," she said to sheila's glance. sheila nibbled on a cuticle. "after last night, i thought maybe you'd be through with him." "i know what you mean. my god, he was like an octopus. hands all over the place." she gestured, raising her arms upwards in defense. "the thing is, after a while, you get tired of fighting with him, you know, and after all i didn't really do anything friday and saturday so i kind of owed it to him. you know what i mean." she started to scratch. sheila was giggling with her hand over her mouth. "i'll tell you, i felt the same way, and even after a while," here she bent forward in a whisper, "i wanted to!" now she was laughing very loudly. it was at this point that mr. jameson of the clarence darrow post office rang the doorbell of the large stucco colored frame house. when marsha bronson opened the door, he helped her carry the package in. he had his yellow and his green slips of paper signed and left with a fifteen cent tip that marsha had gotten out of her mother's small beige pocketbook in the den. "what do you think it is?" sheila asked. marsha stood with her arms folded behind her back. she stared at the brown cardboard carton that sat in the middle of the living room. "i dunno." inside the package, waldo quivered with excitement as he listened to the muffled voices. sheila ran her fingernail over the masking tape that ran down the center of the carton. "why don't you look at the return address and see who it's from?" waldo felt his heart beating. he could feel the vibrating footsteps. it would be soon. marsha walked around the carton and read the ink-scratched label. "ah, god, it's from waldo!" "that schmuck!" said sheila. waldo trembled with expectation. "well, you might as well open it," said sheila. both of them tried to lift the staple flap. "ah sst," said marsha, groaning, "he must have nailed it shut." they tugged on the flap again. "my god, you need a power drill to get this thing open!" they pulled again. "you can't get a grip." they both stood still, breathing heavily. "why don't you get a scissor," said sheila. marsha ran into the kitchen, but all she could find was a little sewing scissor. then she remembered that her father kept a collection of tools in the basement. she ran downstairs, and when she came back up, she had a large sheet metal cutter in her hand. "this is the best i could find." she was very out of breath. "here, you do it. i-i'm gonna die." she sank into a large fluffy couch and exhaled noisily. sheila tried to make a slit between the masking tape and the end of the cardboard flap, but the blade was too big and there wasn't enough room. "god damn this thing!" she said feeling very exasperated. then smiling, "i got an idea." "what?" said marsha. "just watch," said sheila, touching her finger to her head. inside the package, waldo was so transfixed with excitement that he could hardly breathe. his skin felt prickly from the heat, and he could feel his heart beating in his throat. it would be soon. sheila stood quite upright and walked around to the other side of the package. then she sank down to her knees, grasped the cutter by both handles, took a deep breath, and plunged the long blade through the middle of the package, through the masking tape, through the cardboard, through the cushioning and (thud) right through the center of waldo jeffers head, which split slightly and caused little rhythmic arcs of red to pulsate gently in the morning sun.
bir klasik olarak su ve kırmızı boyanın kullanıldığı film olmuş ama güzel olmuş kanımca.her zaman bir sahnede kırmızı birşeyler görürüz ardından kamera zoom out yapar ve sadece elemanların badana yaptıklarının görürüz ama daha sonra illa ki kötü şeyler olur.
buffy the vampire slayer'in 5. sezonunun son bolumu. glory ortaligin amina koymaktadir, dawn'un kaninin akmasiyla cinler boyutuna bir portal acilacaktir, yani bildigimiz apocalypse hesabi.. i$ yine buffy'e du$er, ve olaylar geli$ir.
inxs in bir sarkisi. zamaninda epeycene yasaklanmis bir video klibe de sahipti bu sarki.
bu akşam trt 1de yayınlanmış ve 10 aralik 2003 real sociedad galatasaray maciin ilk yarısını dahi feda ettirmiştir. kesinlikle zaman kaybı olmayan aksine harcadığınız zamanın hakkını sonuna kadar veren br filmdir. etkileyici sahnelere ve sona sahip..
renkleriyle, konusuyla, gerilim degil de, belki bazen fantastik olan ama germeyen film. .. basroldeki kadinin elleri buyuk ve cirkin bir de.
annie nin tanık olarak dinlendiği sahnede nedendir bilinmez izleyenin gözünü yaşartmış film. galiba cate blanchett dalında en iyilerden.
gregorian master of chants 4 de yer alan yarmış parça. parçaya amelia brightman da eşlik etmektedir. dinlerken hafif bir moment of peace kokusu alabilirsiniz. the gift by gregorian forgive is a word i am learning if only to pass the time i love you for all your weakness i love you for all your lies will you grow will you understand the damage you caused in time the past is behind we are facing a punishment for the crime the gift you gave me our sweet encounter became so fragile and flew with the night i will be witness i will not falter till we are risen again to the light would you forgive me my heart was broken but i will mend i will be as before just give me one chance to make it better uhh let me be yours without you i'm weak and i'm listless without you i find i'm blind i watch you alone, are you dreaming of happines left behind do you drift in your heart at night walk through the rooms of your mind open the door i'll be waiting remember this is your life (bkz: copy paste in ustasıyım gözlerinin hastasiyim)
ismi the feyk olsa the gift den daha başarılı bir seçim olurdu. yönetmenimiz bıkmadan usanmadan gerek rüya sahneleri ile gerek karakter yamuklukları ile katili bulmaya çalışan seyirciyi yanıltmaya çalışmış, zaman zaman da başarmıştır. sinemayı bir eğlence aracı olarak görenlerin keyif alabileceği bir film olmuş kendileri.
daha filmin başında insanı yerinden hoplatan film. bir anda dikkatinizi toplayıp bütün isimleri ezberliyorsunuz. ağaç sahnelerine hayran kaldığım, "the only witness to the crime was not even there" tanıtım cümlesine sahip olan, omega yazısını suratımıza yapıştıran film.
yalniz izlenilmesi akillara zarar, gerim gerim gerinilesi film...
yetersiz,ciddi anlamda sıkıcı ,dandik bir film. klise olaylar gelisiyor hep. katie holmes un olmasi kil olmak icin yeterli sebep.
--- spoiler --- kanald'nin reklamlarinda katili gostererek pic ettigi filmdir. --- spoiler ---
bazı yerleri feci halde ace of base'in cruel summer 'ına benzeyen gregorian şarkısı... nakaratı çok güzel ama..
inxsin en sevdigim sarkisi. alevlerin arasindan firlayan inxs elemanlarina sahip ilginç bir klibi vardi, davulcusunun elinde bagetlerle havayi çalarak yürüme sahnesiyle ilk defa bu klipte karsilasmistim. söyle de sözleri vardi aklimda kaldigi kadariyla* oh so fine we were trying out of nowhere just in time let you take me deep down the river kiss the changes that shape my life always left behind all the tracks that i could find all these scars are mine i was thinking got the feeling the gift you gave is gonna last forever all the lies you find all the truth you see rise and fall but i know what's mine here we lie looking up to empty sky and the promises we find i'm not the first one to ask why all we ever try
hollywood'un klasik abartılı 6. his senaryolarından farklı olarak müthiş bir doğallığa sahip, fantastik hiç bir yanı olmayan sam raimi film. bu doğallığı, filmde kurulan aile yapısı ve aralarındaki diyaloglarda, altıncı hissi ve tarotu büyücü işi olarak göstermeden vermesinde görebiliriz. cate blanchett'in bir zamanlar the aviator'daki yapmacık rolüyle antipatimi kazandığı halde bu film sayesinde kendisine hayran olduğumu bile söyleyebilirim. hiç bir zaman sevemediğim katie holmes'tan da nefret ediyorum şu filmden sonra.
bir seether şarkısı. karma and effect albümünden. tarifini de yazayim tam olsun hold me now i need to feel relief like i never wanted anything i suppose i'll let this go and find a reason i'll hold on to i'm so ashamed of defeat and i'm out of reason to believe in me i'm out of trying to get by i'm so afraid of the gift you give me i don't belong here and i'm not well i'm so ashamed of the lie i'm living right on the wrong side of it all i can't face myself when i wake up and look inside a mirror i'm so ashamed of that thing i suppose i'll let it go untill i have something more to say for me i'm so afraid of defeat and i'm out of reason to believe in me i'm out of trying to defy i'm so afraid of the gift you give me i don't belong here and i'm not well i'm so ashamed of the lie i'm living right on the wrong side of it all hold me now i need to feel complete like i matter to the one i need i'm so afraid of the gift you give me i don't belong here and i'm not well i'm so ashamed of the lie i'm living right on the wrong side of it all now i'm ashamed of this i am so ashamed of this now i'm so ashamed of this i am so ashamed of me...
ilginç bir filmdir. --- minor spoiler --- o kemancı sahnesi bana fiddler on the green'i hatırlattığı için ayrı severim bu filmi. sam raimi'nin ya da o sahneyi akıl edenin demons and wizardstan ne kadar haberi var bilmek isterdim. bu arada filmin stephen king-vari olduğu da doğru, buradan demons and wizards'a uzanınca her şey bir anda 19 oluyor, ürperiyorum. imdb araştırması sonrası gelen edit: fiddler'da danny elfman imiş. --- minor spoiler ---
basindaki 'previously on buffy' sahnelerinde bes sezonun goruntulerini 'bir film seridi gibi' gozumuzun onunden akitarak, gidisatin nereye oldugunu ta basindan soylemis bir buffy bolumudur. joss whedon'un yazip yonettigi bolumlerden biridir ayrica, belli eder onlar zaten kendini. bonus (bkz: joel grey)
http://www.vimeo.com/1647972 adresinden izlenebilecek bir kısa film.
çok net hatırlayamamakla birlikte bu filmle ilgili aklımda en net şu olay kalmıştır. çok zekice.. --- spoiler --- araba tamircisi, sorunlu eleman babasından nefret eder. rüyalarında hala o "mavi elmas"ı gördüğünü söyler, "beni babam mahvetti" türü şeyler sürekli. biz de babası bu çocuğa ne yapmış bir türlü anlamayız. ama babasını yaktığı sahnenin son karesinde kamera babanın göbeğine zoom yapar. işte o esnada adamın göbek deliğinin altında mavi bir elmas dövmesinin olduğunu görürüz. korkunç! --- spoiler ---
vladimir nabokov romanı için (bkz: dar)
stargate atlantis dizisinin 1. sezon 18. bölümünün adı. doğuştan beri wraithlar'ın varlığını sezebilen az sayıdaki insandan biri olan teyla, bu özelliğin nereden ve nasıl kazanıldığını anlamaya çalışacaktır.
cecelia ahern'ün bugün okumaya başladığım, 2009 yılında yayınlanmış romanı. aslında tam yeni yıl öncesi okunası br kitapmış ve konusu --daha doğrusu mesajı-- hafiften de olsa "the family man" filmini andıracakmış gibi sanki, bakalım...
susan boyle'nun uykusuzluk çekenler için yaptığını düşündüğüm yeni albümü. içerisinde daha çok hristiyan ilahilerinin olduğu ve susan boyle tarafından oldukça tek düze ve donuk olarak yorumlandığı, en fazla birkaç dakika dinlenebilen ve maalesef boyle'un güzel sesinin bile kurtaramadığı bir albüm olmuş.
aynı zamanda flashforward birinci sezon yedinci bölümünün adı.
okurken, christmas icin yapilmis amerikan tv filmi izliyormussunuz hissine kapilabileceginiz bir cecelia ahern kitabi.
aynı zamanda saved by the bell birinci sezon üçüncü bölümünün adı.
aynı zamanda everybody loves raymond ikinci sezon dokuzuncu bölümünün adı.
aynı zamanda star trek voyager dördüncü sezon ikinci bölümünün adı.
the x-files'ın 8. sezon 11. bölümünün adı.
the velvet underground sarkisi* olani ingiliz dilini neden sevdiginizi hatirlamanizi sagliyor. tabi, eger ingilizceyi seviyorsaniz. dinlerken hikayede ne anlatildigini anlamiyorum bile bazen, yalnizca guzel bir tinisi olan kelimeler geliyor kulagima. 1967 canlaniyor kafanizda. cok acayip muziklerin yapildigi zamanlar. oyle oturmussunuz bir ingilzle, adam biseyler anlatiyor, diniliyorsunuz siz de. ayrica last.fm'de soyle bir laf edilmis "vu invented rap in 1967 with the gift" diye, adam hakli gibi. waldo'nun nerede oldugunu artik merak etmiyorsunuz dinledikten sonra.
buffy the vampire slayer'ın televizyon tarihinde en özenli yapımlardan biri diyebilceğimiz 5. sezonuna noktayı koyan bölüm. dizi kanal değiştirdiği ve yeni kanalında kimi izleyicilerinin takip edemeyeceği öngörülerek bir dizi finali olarak çekilmiştir. ilk dakikasından itibaren 5 yıldır bu anın gelmekte olduğunu, dizide daha önce yapılan her şeyin aslında bu bölümün hazırlığı olduğunu anlarsınız. ah bir de, müzikleri inanılmazdır.
oldukça sürükleyici bir seether şarkısı. girişi bile yeter; "hold me now i need to feel relief like i never wanted anything"
internetin her yerinde çarşaf çarşaf yazsa da buraya da yazacağım bu diyaloğu, çünü bu diyalog zor geçen gecelerin sabahında yaşamak için bana güç vermektedir. dünyanın en güzel dizilerinden birini buffy the vampire slayer yapan bölümdür. efsanedir. --- spoiler --- dawn, listen to me. listen. i love you. i will *always* love you. but this is the work that i have to do. tell giles... tell giles i figured it out. and, and i'm okay. and give my love to my friends. you have to take care of them now. you have to take care of each other. you have to be strong. dawn, the hardest thing in this world... is to live in it. be brave. live. for me. --- spoiler ---
--- spoiler --- katie holmes 'un zombi hali dışında hiçbir gerilim unsuru taşımayan film ki yakın zamanda filmde cateciğimin oynadığı iyi niyetli kart okuyucusu kadının rüyasında zincirli ve korkunç yüz ifadeli katie'yi görmesiyle çok küçükkken bu filmi izlediğimi hatılradım. aklımda kalan tek sahnesi de zincirli, ölü zombi kadın olmuş. finalde de katile dair sağ gösterip sol vurmamsı olaylar olaylar ... filmdeki atmosfer, doğa boyutu iç açıcı cinsten ama -gece sahneleri hariç-. --- spoiler ---
öyle bir şarkı ki bu seether'ın söylediği akustik versiyonu; beni devamlı okuyanlarınızın, ya da arkadaşlarımın da çok büyük bi kısmının anlamayacağı şöyle bir duygu; motosikletini çok seven herkes için tarif edeyim.. vızır vızır arabaların geçtiği bi otoyol vardır. sen bunun kenarında bir sebeple durmuş, emniyet şeridinden tekrar kalkacaksındır. soluna ve arkana bakarak, önüne bakmadan kaldırırsın motoru, gaz debriyaj kardeş. motor kalkarken, ayağını yerden kestiğin çok büyülü bir an var. ve o anı takip eden 2-3 saniye. denge için bir çaba göstermezsin, motosiklet de göstermez, yanlızca ilerler. ama düşmezsin. seni düşürmeyen hız ya da denge değil, ivmedir. bu şarkı o ayağımı yerden kaldırdığım ana benziyor aynı. babam yaşasaydı anlardı şu anlattığımı. anlamadı. şarkıda ayağımı kaldırdığım an 32. saniye.
