1981 yapımı joe dante filmi.
hayvansal dürtülerimizin bizi nasıl canavara dönüştürebileceğinden bahsediyo zannedersem bu filmde joe dante. izlediğim en sıçık korku filmi olduğunu belirtmeden edemiyciim.
within temptation'in the chronicles of spellborn icin besteledigi, 20 ya$ alti kesme hitap eder formda gitarlarla falan kaydedilmi$ ticari parcasi. yine de guzel dinleniyor arada. oyundan goruntulerle sharon'in birle$tigi bir klibi de var.
sozlerini de yazayim tam olsun: we've been seeing what you wanted and it's fallen right now falling asleep from our vanity may cost us our lives i hear them getting closer, the hounds are sending chills down my spine time is running out now, they're coming down the hills from behind when we start killing it's all coming down right now from the lie that we created, i want to be awaken some how (wanna be awaken right now) when we start killing it all will be falling down from the hell that we're in, all we are has faded away when we start killing we've been searching on and on but there's no trace to be found it's like they all have just vanished but i know they're around i feel they're getting closer, the hounds are sending chills down my spine time is running out now, they're coming down the hills from behind when we start killing it's all coming down right now from the lie that we created, i want to be awaken some how (wanna be awaken right now) when we start killing it all will be falling down from the hell that we're in, all we are has faded away when we start killing when we start killing i feel they're getting closer, the hounds are sending chills down my spine time is running out now, they're coming down the hills from behind... the sun is rising, the screams have gone too many have fallen, few still stand tall is this the end of what we begun will we remember what we've done wrong? when we start killing it's all coming down right now from the lie that we created, i want to be awaken some how (wanna be awaken right now) when we start killing it all will be falling down from the hell that we're in, all we are has faded away when we start killing when we start killing when we start killing...
within temptation'in belki de $imdiye dek cektigi en iyi klibe sahip.. bir kucuk kiz, terminator 2'deki gibi buyuk bir sava$tan sonraki sahneler..
