"oha resmen thrash bu." dedirten metallica etkileri bariz gorulen guzel iced earth $arkisi. the dark saga albumundendir, "your life is mine" sozuyle kopartir.
(bkz: the last laugh of the laughter)*
antimatter in saviour albumunun 8. sarkisi... sozlerini de copy paste edeyim tam olsun.. the last laugh (moss) and so you had the last laugh - ha ha ho... i laughed you off a long time ago. your ever changing personality never fails to tickle me at all. you said you were a white witch, reminds me of a movie that you'd seen. well can you still open doors with just your mind? in this little space in time, i've played with better things. everything you done... the games you said you'd won - i still remember all to well. the foes that fought and lost - the fools that bore your cross - i still remember all to well. and it's all a state of mind. i've seen you crave affection, affected minds don't work too evenly. well what did you call it when you stabbed me in the back? and rewrote in retrospect lovers pain. where do you find redemption? tucked away in pre-recorded dreams? do you wake each morning wondering when it came? the experiments in pain no longer here in my world.
(bkz: son gulen iyi guler)
mark knopfler'ın sailing to philadelphiaalbümünde van morrison ile birlikte söylediği yavaş parça.
süpper bir iced earth $arkısı olarak sözleride $öyledir; my personal quest is to make your life hell yes dear friend listen up well the power i've given i can take as well i am your father destroyer of the light i've taken your soul and have given you life you are the damned condemned by my hand my son creature of the night in your hour of darkness you warm my soul and deep in you as i make my hole god won't save you your souls been sold i am your father destroyer of the light i've taken your soul and have given you life you are the damned condemned by my hand my son creature of the night extending, now you rise tormented, soul of fire deception, in my eyes your life, your life is mine my new born son burn now with anger i command and you must follow fly now and do battle the heavens fall, mankinds disaster in your hour of darkness you warm my soul god won't save you your souls been sold i am your father destroyer of the light i've taken your soul and have given you life you are the damned condemned by my hand my son creature of the night extending, now you rise tormented, soul of fire deception, in my eyes your life, your life is mine
(bkz: der letzte mann)
mark knopfler ve van morrison'un duetinden olusan; tum kirik kalpler sokagi sakinlerinin yureklerine hayal kiriklari ile huzun centikleri cizen parca. (bkz: sailing to philadelphia) sozlerini yazsam da, nafile... “don't you love the sound of the last laugh my friend don't you love the sound of the last laugh at the end down in the gutter with the mad old soldiers down in the scuppers with the drunken sailors down in the gutter with the mad old soldiers but the last laugh, baby is yours and don't you love the sound of the last laugh going down games you thought you'd learned you neither lost nor won dreams have crashed and burned but you're still going on out on the highway with the road gang working up on the mountain with the cold wind blowing out on the highway with the road gang working but the last laugh, baby is yours and don't you love the sound of the last laugh going down they had you crying but you came up smiling they had you crawling and you came up flying they had you crying and you came up smiling and the last laugh, baby is yours and don't you love the sound of the last laugh going down yeh don't you love the sound of the last laugh going down”
antimatterin en güzel,en hisli parcasi.akustik versiyonu da ayri bir güzeldir.nakarat bölümü ve finaldaki "the experiments in pain no longer here in my world" cümlesiyle insani koparir uzaklara götürür.
mark knopfler usta'nın aşmış albümünün aşmış şarkısı. morrison'la birlikte düet yapmıştır. bu adamı kimin yanına koysan onunla düet yapsa, harika şeyler çıkıyor. nitekim country kraliçesi emmylou harris'le de düet yapmıştır. bir diğer hatırladığım da chet beker'la yaptığı albümdür. ragpicker's dream albümünün girişindeki "why aye man" de dire straits'in sahneye giriş parçasıdır ayrıca. bir abimiz, bu adamı dinlerken rakı bile içilir demişti. galiba bu o tarz şarkılardan biri.
