the score albumunden the fugees parcasi... sozleri icin copy paste e devam... [chorus:] warn the town the beast is loose, word 'em up y'all c'mon [lauryn:] conflicts with night sticks illegal sales districts, hand-picked lunatics, keep poli-trick-cians rich heretics push narcotics amidst its risks and frisks, cool cliques throw bricks but seldom hit targets private-dic sell hits, like porno-flicks do chicks. the 666 cut w.i.c. like newt gingrich sucks d*** [clef:] meanwhile the government brings star wars from glocks to glockers c.o.p. has an apb out on chewbacca mista mayor, can i say something in yo honor yesterday in central park they got the jogger okay, okay. let's get the confusion straight in ghetto gotham the man behind the mask you thought was batman is bill clinton. who soon retire, the roof is on fire connie chung brung the bomb as it comes from oklahoma things are getting serious, kuumbaya, on a mountain satan offered me, manhattan help me jah jah [clef:] you can't search me without probable cause or that proper ammunition they call reasonable suspicion listen i bring friction to your whole jurisdiction you planted seeds in my seat when i wasn't lookin. now you ask me for my license/registration "what the f**k" is my name "what the f**k" is my occupation well i'm an mc, i'm down with the fugees mother mary caught a flashback like rodney now the cops got lolly. [lauryn:] the subconscious psychology that you use against me, if i lose control will send me to the penetentiary such as alcatraz, or shot up like al hajj malik shabazz high class get bypassed while my ass gets harrassed. and the fuzz treat bruh's like they manhood never was, and if you too powerful, you get bugged like peter tosh and marley was. and my word does nothing against the feds, so my eyes stay red as i chase crazy bald heads, word up. [chorus:] warn the town the beast is loose, ah - ah, ah - ah word 'em up y'all [clef:] the chase is on i feel like the bad guy fifth gear 125 like new jersey drive looked in my rear view mirror police was getting closer heard a roar in the sky, looked up and saw the blue thunder. my inner conscious says throw your handkerchief and surrender, but to who??? the star spangled banner ooh. say can't you see cops more crooked than we by the dawn's early night robbin' niggas for kis. easy low key crooked military pay taxes out my ass but they still harrass me. [praz:] the streets of corruption got me bustin and cussin' in the concrete jungle thoughts being dribbled like that tall kid mutumbo handled by hannibal soon i'm gonna be a fugitive like dr. kimble. [clef:] hey yo should i slow down? [praz:] nah kid go faster, just cause they got a badge, they could still be impostors. probable cause, got flaws like dirty draws meet me at the corner store so we can start the street wars. [chorus:] warn the town the beast is loose, ah - ah, ah - ah, word 'em up y'all (bkz: sozluk the lyrics base)
hayvan,canavar,siğir,kaba ve iğrenç adam,çok çirkin kadin, nahoş iğrenç , kaba,
öncel (bkz: shadow of the beast)
vanishing point filminin ikinci olani , viggo mortensen li versiyonunda , kowalskiyi yakalamayi kafaya takmis , dogru hatirliyorsam utahli polisin arabasina* verdigi isim.
(bkz: the beast within)
dark throne grubunun 1999 tarihli ravishing grimness adli albumunun 2.şarkısı.
x men.. mavi goril..alim..gözlük takar..romantiktir.. (bkz: beast)
(bkz: the beauty)
(bkz: the number of the beast) (bkz: beauty and the beast) (bkz: beauty of the beast)
(bkz: chislev)
ben wallace'ın lakabı.
(bkz: bob sapp)
(bkz: beastie boys)
neon genesis evangelionda combatlarda calan ve ozellikle 01 berserk oldugunda calan muhtesem sey.
(bkz: paul dianno)
darkthrone - ravishing grimness albümünün 2. şarkısı. elapsed chainless activity timeless contradiction born without flesh stand - still movement nothing is in perspective smashing ground concious, aware... mindflight fully digested consequences beyond rational - thought aming of the featherless for it is bournd to existance sources floating - shimmering - events, that make the warrior proud blackhole invulnerability black flames gallantly dancing threading human soil sworn to intoxicate the - planet magnituede unvieled profused tailored terror forlorn hope locked behind crumbled doors impoverished life desolated globe
vader'ın 20 eylülde çıkacak olan yeni albümü: tracklist: 1/ intro 2/ dark transmission 3/ firebringer 4/ the sea came in at last 5/ i shall prevail 6/ the zone 7/ insomnia 8/ apopheniac 9/ choices 10/stranger in the mirror (japanese bonus)
wolfram and hartı darma duman etmiş, bölgesel de olsa güneş ışıklarının dünyaya ulaşmasını engellemiş angel kötüsü.
vader'in tarihinde ilk kez bir şarkıda clean vokal kullandığı, hatta clean gitar kullandığı albümüdür.
(bkz: aleister crowley)
(bkz: the beast of war)
philip campbell'in lakabi.
(bkz: sexy beast)
(bkz: beast of burden)
max mirnyi'nin lakabıdır.
twisted sister'ın stay hungry'sinden nefis bir parça. you can hear the thunder long before the storm, but you can't hear the lion when he stalks his prey he's moving like a shadow creeping up on you and like a siren's call he's gonna have his way you'd better run, forget your pride don't make a stand, just step aside if you don't have what it takes don't try to play you'll lose your stakes remember this at least it's the nature of the beast it's the nature of the beast you won't hear a footstep comin' up on you movin' like a snake he's in complete control this killer knows his business he is the predator you are his only target, you're his only goal what will you say what will you do? your wildest nightmare's comin' true there is nothing you can say no way to change, he won't delay this cain will have his feast it's the nature of the beast it's the nature of the beast if you play you're bound to lose don't roll the dice, don't turn the screws just listen to the priest it's the nature of the beast it's the nature of the beast it's the nature of the beast it's the nature of the beast
brian flemming'in 06.06.06'da vizyona girmesi planlanan, ortalığı toz duman etme ihtimali yüksek filmi. --- spoiler --- jesus christ diye birinin var olmadığına dair underground teoriler çok uzun süredir ortalardadır ama bunu pattadanak göz önüne çıkarmak kolay mıdır bilmem. muhtemelen yayına girmez bu film. --- spoiler --- (bkz: http://www.thebeastmovie.com/) flemming'in bir diğer filmi için (bkz: the god who wasn t there)
undercover calisan fbi ajani charles barker (patrick swayze) ve partneri ellis dove 'un (travis fimmel) maceralarinin anlatilacagi 15 ocak'ta premier'i yayinlanacak yeni a&e dizisi.
ilk bölüm itibariyle o ünlü robert redford'lu brad pitt'li spy game filmini anımsatan dizi. genç eleman rolünde travis fimmel brat pitt'e bayağı benziyor o ayrı. bunun dışında dizi bildik casus klişeleriyle örülmüş. --- spoiler --- serseri acemi genç casus, onu eğiten ama ayrı telden çalan tecrübeli kurt casus, sorunlu aile ilişkileri, yanlız bırakılan sevgili, nereden nasıl alındığı ruhsatının kimin adına olduğu bilinmeyen asıl adamımızın kullandığı lüks arabalar, çeşit çeşit silahlar, bolca atılan mermi ve bombalar, suçlulara kendini ispat etmek için geçilen zorlu testler gibi aklınıza daha ne gelirse var yani.. ha bi de iç işleri var ki her fbi ajanının arkasına bir tane bağlıyorlar sanki.. amerika da meslek hastalığı gibi.. --- spoiler --- kısacası özel hayatında hastalıklarla boğuşan patrick swayze'i oyalamaktan başka pek bir heyecan yaratacağına inanmadığım ama görüntü yönetmenine saygı duyduğum bir dizi işte. tutar mı tutar.. bilinmez.
ilk iki bölüm itibariyle beğenmediğim a&e dizisi. olayların çözümlenişi senaryoda çok basit anlatılmış. travis fimmel'ı beceriksiz çaylak fbi ajanı diye göstermeye çalışıyorsunuz da, bu adam neticede suçluların içine sızmak için seçilmiş özel bir ajan. izleyicinin gözünde ''lan bu mal değil mafyanın içine sızmak, donunu toplayamaz'' izlenimi yaratılıyor. neyse, ilk iki bölümden sonuca varmamak, en az 6 bölüm seyretmek gerekir.
şahsen çok beğendiğim dizidir. ilk bölümü çok muazzamdı, geceleyin gelişen olaylar swayze nin mistik havası vs nokta atışı yaparak kalbimde yer etti bu dizi. diğer bölümler ise daha bir basit kaldı ilk bölüme göre. ben gene seviyorum, csi dizilerinden daha iyidir en azından.
ilk bölümünü izleyene kadar the shield in ilk bölümü gibi başka bir ilk bölüm gelmez dememe rağmen beni şaşırtmış dizidir. ne yazık ki diğer 4 bölümü pek tat vermemiştir, fakat izlenir. hani ne bileyim benim gibi haftada 10 tane dizi takip ediyorsanız, listeye eklenilebilecek dizi.
obama'nin limuzini. ucaga obama'yla birlikte binip oraya buraya giden 6.5ton agirligindaki araba. (bkz: presidential state car) http://tinyurl.com/7dsp8n *
patrick swayze' nin ölümü sonucu devam etmeyen bir dizidir artık.
patrick swayze hayranlarının ve onun son çektiği projeyi görmek isteyenlerin izlemesi gereken bir yapım. http://www.resetmagazine.net/…sinema/the-beast.html
bir sylvia plath şiiri: he was the bullman earlierm king of the dish, my lucky animal. breathing was easy in his airy holding. the sun sat in his armpit. nothing went moldy. the little invisibles waited on him hand and foot. the blue sisters sent me to another school. monkey lived under the dunce cap. he kept blowing me kisses. i hardly knew him. he won't be got rid of: memblepaws, teary and sorry, fido littlesoul, the bowel's unfamiliar. a dustbin's enough for him. the dark's his bone. call him any name, he'll come to it. mud-sump, happy sty face. i've married a cupboard of rubbish. i bed in a fish puddle. down here the sky is always falling. hogwallow's at the window. the star bugs won't save me this mouth. i housekeep in time's gut-end among emmets and mollusks, duchess of nothing, hairtusk's bride.
cadillac one'in bir diger ismi.
twisted sister'a ait olan bu efsane şarkı sabaton tarafından çok güzel bir şekilde coverlanmıştır.
angus & julia stone şarkısı. sözleri; pack up your things your work here is done a slave to the beast no mercy with time no mercy with time they brand you with the fire then push you into the sun they want the free land to expire they want everyone to be numb the worlds drinking from a cup that no one wants to share words from the king that no one wants to hear don’t be running late are you on time today don’t be running late are you on time today don’t be running late are you on time today don’t be running late are you on time today retrench me because of machines kids trading roses for guns track marks under the sleeve i can’t talk i need to run loves thrown away the ring not knowing what to say mama won’t you sing it’s like you’re cut by the blade don’t be running late are you on time today don’t be running late are you on time today don’t be running late are you on time today don’t be running late are you on time today don’t be running late are you on time today don’t be running late are you on time today don’t be running late are you on time today don’t be running late are you on time today don’t be running late don’t be running late till the end http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxgyhagdgqg
everready albümünden bir tech n9ne şarkısı. valla kimse yazmamış oha diyorum. the beast - tech n9ne insanity at it's finest, fire starter, riot maker, moonstricken, animal in need, bad seed, untamable (beast) everybody around me always think they know what's going on inside my mind. they think i'm mr. nice guy all the time. how they say on diary? you think you know, but you have no idea. (chorus)(1x) k c m o. is with us, lets make mo dough. we will be shaking your floor. come against me that's a no no. yo, cause i'm a beast. [verse 1] i can smell your woman's rosie punani on the dance floor all the way in v.i.p. i'm a rapper, i can snatch her. and she will leave with me because of my stature. now everybody move, everybody bounce. who ever the nina choose we about to pounce (work it out). with the 151 in the bottle, i call hef will he let me hit this model in the grotto? i like. all women, tall women and small women you gotta, let tech neez tease ya chakra, species release freaks please the monsta. petite beast feast these g's will rock ya. hand cuff her busta, don't trust her around theses hustlers. homie don't be a sucker. when your lover say tecca ninas her brother, she tryin to say that i rushed her then crushed her. (chorus)(2x) wake up yo hoe get filthy, must make mo dough. we will be shaking yo flo. come against me that's a no no. yo, cause i'm a beast. (verse 2) i'm out to get that money like a robbery. now i got it, all my enemies wanna clobber me. squalor be harder, we need dollars comradery. the hotter the scholar be, the larger the lottery. need yin, tens, twins, gotta succeed, spend g's, ben franks. we cram cheese in banks, breeds, sin, we win, thanks. hungry like the wolf indeed, but i give money to my crooks in need. i live in sherman oaks but from kansas city. i miss home, cali is business but man it's pretty. i aint lyin ya'll, monster for money for mine ya'll, if i wasn't getting money i'd do time dog. you'll never see the n9ne fall, big house wood floors. maid cleaning them bitches with pine sol (chorus)(2x) handcuff your hoe. get filthy, must make mo dough. we will be shaking your floor. come against me that's a no no. yo, cause i'm a beast. (verse 3) friend, this industry is no kin to me. behold the flow of the century, but they scared of me. rappers they don't compare to me. fair to said that he dares to be sincerely a rarity check the sound scan. look around man. wake up, look at your jacob. you in killer klown land. face paint and juggalettes with bubble butts. and we rock it for sadity women in the button ups. hands down we rock harder than kiss, but rap. me, kutt & krizz so can i get 2 stomps and a clap in this bitch. nina shot to the top cause of plots to get rich. tell your, executives. i'm next for this. success it is, yet the best for tech this aint baptist, pentecostal or methodist. this is the beast baby out i mean exodus. take my money and i will destroy you. i am the beast. (chorus)(3x) wake up your hoe. get filthy, must make mo dough. we will be shaking your floor. come against me that's a no no. yo, cause i'm a beast.
katalina rusu şarkısı. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bpe6bo_am8
sözlükçüler sevmiştir bu şarkıyı, bakalım neler yazmışlar diyerek başlığa geldim ama sözlerini bile yazmamışsınız. ayıp. neyse ben sözlerini yazayım siz de dinleyin. sevebilirsiniz. where did our love go you will never know how did you get home you will never know did you catch yourself in the mirror? it's a sight i understand you considered it all for a second and put it down to slight of hand you know i've been running 'round for hours calling my egyptian blood to bear me flowers calling sophia, goddess of power instead i got the beast and tonight he lies with me tonight he lies with me tonight he lies with me and here comes to beast you're okay now, i suppose you're not pulled by the rope i'm pulled by the pull on my throat i'm pulled by the rope i swing from the trees into the slope hold my head high, just by the tip of my toes and he lies, he lies so sweet that i choke tonight i choose the beast tonight he lies with me tonight he lies with me tonight he lies with me and here comes the beast put your eyes away if you can't bear to see your old lady laying down next to the beast tonight he lies with me tonight he lies with me and here comes the beast look at yourself in the mirror it's a sight i understand you consider it all for a second and put it down to slight of hand i give you the best, the best that i can i suggest that you be grateful that it's your blood on my hands and assume yourself weaker, the fall of man and look out for the beast tonight he lies with me tonight he lies with me and here comes the beast put your eyes away if you can't bear to see your old lady laying down next to the beast tonight he lies with me tonight he lies with me and here comes the beast
albin myers'ın yardırdığı parça. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avqll1zkhgw
