(bkz: leon)
pulp sarkisi. kendisi this is hardcore singleinda bulunmaktadir. oh i'm back in the full effect i can't even hold myself erect i got nothing that i wanna say i'm gonna say it anyway i know you think that i've lost it, baby i know you think that my star is fading used to be a contender now you're just a pretender psychic karaoke every weekend you don't fit those clothes anymore why don't you take them back to the charity store while you're there you could always hand yourself in you're into green issues - start recycling you hide behind your woman when you're out in your town show her up and blame her for holding you down holding you down, holding you down you're the only one who's holding you down you're only ever polite when you're out of your box cocker's short for... sucker sucker of... oh, oh la na na na oh, oh, sucker of... oh, oh la na na na oh, oh when i got up today i had that feeling again everything was ok, then the world started shaking now i'm trying to sleep it away oh but i can't sleep it away can you answer this question, can you answer it right: have you ever done anything good in your life? have you ever done anything that wasn't just for yourself? are you capable of giving? are you capable of giving just for the sake of it, without expecting anything in return? i'm only trying to give you what you've come to expect just another song 'bout single mothers and sex single mothers and sex, single mothers and sex just another song 'bout single mothers and sex ok, you've heard it before, it's nothing special but it's a living, can't you see i'm a professional oh, oh la na na na oh, oh i'm a professional oh, oh la na na na oh, oh sleep on my darling sleep on, don't wake as i leave i've been rehearsing this scene so long now don't interrupt me as i do it for real the bedroom floor is treacherous a teacup could be disastrous 'cos it'll mean i would have to say what was written on the letter i posted yesterday so that it would get here when i was gone and you awoke oh, she'll meet me from the train and she'll never know a thing about how i talk with my mouth full and only bath once a week how i'm nicer the first time you meet me than the next and i'm rapidly losing interest in sex yeah, i'm rapidly losing interest in sex what's the point in making it over-emotional? you can do it the hard way or you can be a professional oh, oh la na na na oh, oh i'm a professional oh, oh la na na na oh, oh sleep on my darling sleep on my love sleep on my darling sleep on my love sleep on my darling sleep on my love sleep on my darling sleep on my love
(bkz: le professionnel)
sleater-kinneynin all hands on the bad one albumunun 7. parcasi. there is a sound they don't want you to own arrest every word that escapes from your throat they hand you the world's smallest microphone it's still too loud and you're asked to go home she can stay as long as she swears that when she breathes it will be her own air she'll state her case and take up space and that suffocates- the professional there is a sound that they want you to hear to drown out the voice that plays in your ear they hand you the world's biggest razor blade an amateur bleeds but she hardly gets paid she can be mad but they'll let her know the scorched earth allows nothing to grow and she'll be blamed but feel no shame cuz she'll have stopped- the professional
--- spoiler --- uzun yaşamak için süt içmek gerek. sigara ve alkol erken ölüme sebep olabilir. bir de matilda'dan gelen hediyelere dikkat etmek lazım. --- spoiler ---
