şimdi dinliyorum diye demiyorum lakin süper konser açılış parçası olur bundan, o derece sağlam bi atmosferi vardır.. ve diğer tüm at the gates parçaları gibi yine flamesten bişeyleri çağrıştırıyor ama henüz hangisi çözebilmiş değilim (çözünce bi editle dönüyorum bi sn) * (ne alaka fekat bu parçanın çağrıştırmış olduğu parça colony imiş, hayretler içersindeyim.. böyleyken böyle,nedir atmosferini mi benzetmişim anlamadım ki..)
alman yazar frank schatzing'in yazdigi romanin adi. kitap, norvec'in kuzeybatisinda meydana gelen bir tsunami sonucunda yasanan olaylari anlatiyor. kitap almanya ve bir cok ülkede bestseller olmus
hafiften giren twinleriyle en güzel at the gates şarkıları arasında. anti ütopik dünyaların fon müziği. catch fire - just like a living disease unholy desire - a world on it's knees our burning minds they are ridden of hope in a dreaming utopia - dead on dope a generation of obscenities we have lost our faith in our own creativity what is evil, but good tortured by it's own hunger and thirst? the living end the dwarped soul of man the living end the sweetest of lies - it's embrace so warm so void of life - one with the promised swarm our burning minds they are ridden of hope in a dreaming utopia - dead on dope a generation of obscenities our ignorance will be the end of humanity a dead nation under one dead god the living end the dwarped soul of man the living end written in napalm over genetic wastelands we move on, our fate is to die by our own hand a dead nation under one dead god what is evil, buy good tortured by its own hunger and thirst?
frank schatzing'in özellikle almanyada uzun süre 1 numarada kalmış, pek çok ülkede de bestseller olmuş olan romanı... okuduğum en aydınlatıcı ve bilgilendirici romanlardan biri olmasının yanında ilk 200-300 sayfada biraz ağır ilerleyen temposuna rağmen sonrasında soluksuz okunuyor kendisi... özellikle ne insan ırkına ne de karakterlerine zerre acımaması ile gerilimi ekstra yüksek olmuş...
(bkz: der schwarm)
aynı zamanda yetmişli yılların felaket filmleri furyasından bir film de bulunmakta aynı adlı. başrollerde katil arıların bulunduğu 1978 yapımlı filmi ilginç kılabilecek iki unsurdan biri michael caine. diğeri de seksenli yıllarda bizde de epey izleyici bulmuş shogun dizisinden hatırladığımız richard chamberlain. başka da bir numarası yok.
bir sylvia plath şiiri.. somebody is shooting at something in our town a dull pom, pom in the sunday street. jealousy can open the blood, it can make black roses. who are the shooting at? it is you the knives are out for at waterloo, waterloo, napoleon, the hump of elba on your short back, and the snow, marshaling its brilliant cutlery mass after mass, saying shh! shh! these are chess people you play with, still figures of ivory. the mud squirms with throats, stepping stones for french bootsoles. the gilt and pink domes of russia melt and float off in the furnace of greed. clouds, clouds. so the swarm balls and deserts seventy feet up, in a black pine tree. it must be shot down. pom! pom! so dumb it thinks bullets are thunder. it thinks they are the voice of god condoning the beak, the claw, the grin of the dog yellow-haunched, a pack-dog, grinning over its bone of ivory like the pack, the pack, like everybody. the bees have got so far. seventy feet high! russia, poland and germany! the mild hills, the same old magenta fields shrunk to a penny spun into a river, the river crossed. the bees argue, in their black ball, a flying hedgehog, all prickles. the man with gray hands stands under the honeycomb of their dream, the hived station where trains, faithful to their steel arcs, leave and arrive, and there is no end to the country. pom! pom! they fall dismembered, to a tod of ivy. so much for the charioteers, the outriders, the grand army! a red tatter, napoleon! the last badge of victory. the swarm is knocked into a cocked straw hat. elba, elba, bleb on the sea! the white busts of marshals, admirals, generals worming themselves into niches. how instructive this is! the dumb, banded bodies walking the plank draped with mother france's upholstery into a new mausoleum, an ivory palace, a crotch pine. the man with gray hands smiles-- the smile of a man of business, intensely practical. they are not hands at all but asbestos receptacles. pom! pom! "they would have killed me." stings big as drawing pins! it seems bees have a notion of honor, a black intractable mind. napoleon is pleased, he is pleased with everything. o europe! o ton of honey!
aynı zamanda star trek voyager üçüncü sezon dördüncü bölümünün adı.
