bir chris de burgh şarkısı.... nacizane fikrimce en iyi chris de burgh şarkısıdır.
(bkz: far beyond these castle walls)
soyle ki... each time that i hold you, your eyes fill with fear, you can't lose control now, the price is too dear, but love, i have heard you crying in the dark, and the tears on your pillow came bleeding, weeping from your heart. oh sinner, you're losing all that you had, your day is in peaces, your night has gone mad, and love cannot touch you, the search has no end, and the one you've forgotten was really your only friend... then your soul flies to heaven, you reach out for me, but the door will not open, you've thrown away the key; no the door will not open, you've thrown away the key... oh stranger beware the life that you lead, is filled with the warnings you can or will not read; your castle has fallen, it lies in the sand, i heard your voice calling, i thought i felt the brush of your hand... oh gambler remember the love that you lend, will never come back for the game has no ending; the smiler is calling, you turn for the deal, and the aces keep falling with every spin of the wheel; then you gather your winnings, you're ready to leave, but the door will not open, you've thrown away the key, oh there's no point in staying, so don't wait to see, for the door will not open, you've thrown away the key...
buffy deki dawn karakterinin diziye oturtulduğu bölümün adı.
bir çok film ve dizide kullanılan araç... bu bir insanda olabilir bir madde de ama çok kritik bir olayı tetikler veya birşeyi sona erdirir. ayrıca senaryo da doğru kullanılırsa çok ilginç olabilen araçtır. klişe ile orjinallik arasında ki ince çizgi de durur.
toscanin suzuki albümünden bir sarkidir. ayrica bir tinto brass filminin de adidir.
ayni zamanda bir the unquestionable truth albumunden bir limp bizkit sarkisi. check! shut the fuck up! you shut the fuck up! who the fuck are you? who the fuck are you? (i ain't nobody) that's the question, the question at hand. oh, man, fuck this. fuck this! (i ain't nobody) you know, i lost my place a long time ago about fifty fucking rhymes ago i'm wrecking again i'm seriously considering checking myself in locked inside this key chamber there's millions of keys inside but only one can stop my anger and i'm not fading away, so i'll just have to die chorus: unlocking the doors in my mind how many doors will i find? i think i got the key i guess i'll just try another if that's the key unlocking the doors in my mind how many doors will i find? i think i got the key i guess i'll just try another if that's the key
lapse of reality adlı albümde yer alan bir ring of fire şarkısı. albümün en güzel şarkılarından biri. love, love is the key inside of you inside of me why, why can't you see unlock your sadness and be free thousands of silvery ships sail into the sun ready for destiny with their guns some of them won't make it back and some will survive there's no permission to ask why war is so useless when no one wins anyway love, love is the key inside of you inside of me why, why can't you see unlock your sadness and be free now there's a cold bitter wind that's blowing again taking all feeling from hearts of men so hard to see through the tears that keep us apart so tired of making a new start war is so useless when no one wins anyway love, love is the key inside of you inside of me why, why can't you see unlock your sadness and be free
hurriyet'in dergi olarak ve kanal d'nin çizgi film olarak yayınladığı ingilizce eğitim şeysi ozmo'nun çocuklara öğrettiği tek kelimedir. i have the key.
happiness albümünden bir roger taylor şarkısı. there once was a king of paris there once was an emperor of brazil there was maybe a loch ness monster there once was a buffalo bill now you can search the whole wide planet scratching in the mud and worms but an honest politician is just a contradiction in terms and if i had the keys to the kingdom i'd hand them straight to you in another time another place another life another waste sometimes the last thing you wanna know is the truth with your bishops priests and mullahs and all the mumbo jumbo clans when you're not accepting women how can you love your fellow man? well you can search the whole wide planet down to viruses and germs a sensible religion is just a contradiction in terms and if i had the keys to the kingdom i'd hand them straight to you in another time another place another life another waste another love another lie another small way to die sometimes the last thing you wanna know is the truth
1990 tarihli gökten nur indiren nocturnusun debut albümü,üstüne üstlük bir konsept albüm --- spoiler --- gelecekte kafayı yemiş bir robotun 0 yılına giderek isa'yı öldürmesi ve tüm insanlığın geleceğini değiştirmesi üzerine bir konuya sahip --- spoiler --- şarkı listesi ise şöyle: "lake of fire" – 4:51 "standing in blood" – 4:13 "visions from beyond the grave" – 4:00 "neolithic" – 4:40 "undead journey" – 4:16 "b.c./a.d. (before christ/after death)" – 4:48 "andromeda strain" – 3:36 "droid sector" – 4:16 "destroying the manger" – 5:59 "empire of the sands" – 6:17
the secret'ın devamı niteliğinde piyasaya çıkmış kitap. nerede çıkmış derseniz, amerika olabilir, birtakım avrupa ülkelerinin dillerine çevrilmiş olabilir. ben geçtiğimiz ay italyacancasını okudum. yamulmuyorsam henüz bize ulaşmadı. ulaşır, yakındır. the secret'tan hoşlandıysanız bundan da hoşlanabilirsiniz. onun dışında farklı bir bakış açısı, muhteşem bir anahtar durumu yok.
fred durst'ın ne kadar güzel fuck dediğini anladığımız şarkı aynı zamanda.
aynı zamanda bir prison break bölümü.
aynı zamanda bir cold case bölümü.
efsane teknik death metal grubu nocturnus'un ilk albümü.
