wild child, ballcrusher, fistful of diamonds, jack action, widowmaker, blind in texas, cries in the night, the last command, running wild in the streets, sex drive sarkilarini iceren wasp albumu.albume daha sonradan 84 konser kayıtlarını içeren 5 şarkı ve 2 adetde bonus track eklenmistir : mississippi queen, savage. canli sarkilar : on your knees, hellion, sleeping, animal, i wanna be somebody.
ing. son komut.
1985 çıkışlı bu mükemmel wasp albümünün kadrosu şöyledir: blackie lawless vocals/bass chris holmes guitars randy piper guitars steve riley drums
wasp'ın "the last command" ismini veren mükemmel parça. the last command you don't know what's in our hearts this is our time, we've made our mark and you can't understand, we'll fight till we fall but what do you want to do? the time is right for you to stand on your feet and answer the call stand up, for the first time, and shout it, woah-oh the last command is heard across the land stand up, for the first time, and cry out, woah-oh hear the call we are, the last command a thousand times i had this dream, the flag was high, i heard a scream that cut through the still of the night just like a knife but that was yesterday, the darkness has gone away i stand on the edge, and i pledge my life stand up, for the first time, and shout it, woah-oh the last command is heard across the land stand up, for the first time, and cry out, woah-oh hear the call we are, the last command the destiny that i control will sever and break the bonds and set me free forever! stand up, for the first time, and shout it, woah-oh the last command is heard across the land stand up, for the first time, and cry out, woah-oh hear the call we are, the last command
gel vatandas bos yok turu bir albumdur bu, hakikaten de bos sarkisi yoktur, ilmik ilmik orulmus ilgit ilgit kokan bir wasp albumudur (ne diyorum ben lan?). jack action, blind in texas, fistful of diamonds gibi sarkilar gazindan ve eglendiriciliginden zerre kaybetmemislerdir. 2004 yilinda dahi sunu diyebiliyorum arkadas; "slip knot, limp bizkit, linkin park gibi cerez yiyecegime oturur bi porsiyon wasp yerim doymus kalkarim aga." (bkz: dengeli beslenme)
timothy zahn tarafından yazılan thrawn trilogy'nin son kitabıdır.
aynı zamanda frank lloyd'un yönettiği 1955 tarihli film.
sterling hayden ve ernest borgnine nin oynadığı film. teksas'ın meksika'ya karşı bağımsızlık savaşını anlatır. davy crockett, william travis, jim bowie ve antonio lopez de santa anna gibi tarihi karakterler ile the alamo savaşı gösterilir. filmi aslen john wayne yönetmek istemiş ama frank lloyd'un yönetmesine karar verilmiştir. 4-5 yıl sonra john wayne aynı senaryoyu biraz daha geliştirerek the alamo filminde kullanmıştır.
