samael şarkısı. eternal albümünden. sözleri; the wind of spring blows in heaven in the land of gold in the land of god manipulate the holiness maculate our loneliness shining between two worlds learning to win and hold fraction of monopoly tension of opposite's pole give or take what has to move for i will fight for my country eldest to the one and i harvest of love and light armless - amnesty north south east and west the cross is sent over the lands keep draining what was and will be in our time in our life pilot soul takes you on the ride, no rise no fall for humankind among the best survive or leave paranoid night so hard to relieve would you betray innovation in the name of tradition hopeless - amnesia north south east and west the cross is sent over the lands keep draining what was and will be in our time in our life pilot soul takes you on the ride, no rise no fall for humankind helvetia gloria still smile behind the shade of shame cross your faith, join your hands tomorrow holds another day eldest to the one and i harvest of love and light dictated by war and hate supported by those who hide it lives in your mind whatever you may say whoever you may pray christianity world-wide
ayni zamanda queenin bateristi roger taylorun 1980li yillarin sonunda kurdugu ikinci grubu..ama roger bu grupta gitar calmistir
samael'in eternal albumunun ilk kararlastirilan ve kapak tasarimi ile de belli olan ismi.
roger taylor bu grupta lead vokal yapıp ritm gitar çalmıştır. ve kendisine sürekli sorulan "neden bateriyi de çalmıyorsun?" sorusundan bıktığını açıklamıştır. grubun albümleri: shove it mad, bad and dangerous to know blue rock
grubun diğer kurucu üyesi için; (bkz: spike edney)
yıllar önce ard arda onlarca kez dinlediğim samael parçası..
(bkz: to take the cross)
sharon den adel'in vokal sınırlarını zorladığı anormal bir teknik parca. oldukca etkili saglam bir bestesi var.
scorpions'un humanity hour 1 albümünün bir parçası. hey, do you remember me i finally found the strength to face the pain you made me feel i always held my tongue and all the things you've done to me are secrets to reveal i'll never let you do this to someone else no i could never live with myself how dare you use my shame to play your wicked games with the mask you're wearing and now you gotta make amends for the demons in my head i'll nail you to the cross the cross i'm bearing you, you said you'd save my soul and sacrificed the innocence that i will never know now it's time that you confess they say the devil doesn't rest until the truth is told i'll never let you do this to someone else no i could never live with myself how dare you use my shame to play your wicked games with the mask you're wearing and now you gotta make amends for the demons in my head i'll nail you to the cross the cross i'm bearing the cross i'm bearing i believed in love i believed in trust i believed in you you became my god i believed in love i believed in trust i was young and so naive you were god and i believed you made me kneel you made me feel like it was all my fault but now i know it wasn't mine at all how dare you use my shame to play your wicked game you gotta make amends for the demons in my head you held me down in chains and made me take the blame i'll nail you to the cross
within temptation'ın the heart of everything adlı albümünün yedinci şarkısı.sözleri şu şekildedir: nothing’s ever changed, you still turn away you’ve washed your hands, you’ve made that all too clear you just keep on living this lie you refuse to see, you’re denying me the cross i bear but you don’t seem to care even judas knew he had lied i keep wondering why i’m still calling your name through my tears why have you waited to embrace me my dear? cold is your silence, denying what is real i’m still wondering why i’m still calling your name my dear i’m sorry if you can’t stand the naked truth all you see is how you want it to be so you keep on living your life release me from this cross after all these years oh call my name and help me with this weight even though it comes far too late i keep wondering why i’m still calling your name through my tears why have you waited to embrace me my dear cold is your silence, denying what is real i’m still wondering why i’m still calling your name and i wonder, oh i wonder ... in my heart i still hope you will open the door you can purify it all, answer my call why? why? why have you waited to embrace me my dear? cold is your silence, denying what is real i’m still wondering why i’m still calling your name and i wonder, oh i wonder ... in my heart i still hope you will open the door you can purify it all, answer my call
klaus meine-billy corgan düeti ve mükemmel solosuyla dikkat çeken the scorpions eseri.
2010 da görebileceğimiz dahi sinemacı andrew niccol projesi. gattaca, lord of war, s1m0ne gibi filmler yöneten the truman show, the terminal gibi müthiş senaryolar yazan bir adamdan yine çok değişik şeyler bekliyor insan. filmin başrolleri için vincent cassel, orlando bloom ve olga kurylenko ismi geçmekte.
prince'in bir şarkısı. laibach da jesus christ superstars albümünde coverlamış. sözleri şöyle: black day, stormy night no love, no hope in sight don't cry, he is coming don't die without knowing the cross ghettos 2 the left of us flowers 2 the right there'll be bread 4 all of us if we can just bear the cross sweet song of salvation a pregnant mother sings she lives in starvation her children need all that she brings we all have our problems some big, some are small soon all of our problems will be taken by the cross black day, stormy night no love, no hope in sight don't cry 4 he is coming don't die without knowing the cross ghettos 2 the left of us flowers 2 the right there'll be bread 4 all, y'all if we can just, just bear the cross, yeah we all have our problems some are big, some are small soon all of our problems, y'all will be taken by the cross the cross
bir kisiye-neden bilmiyorum- samael'i sevdirmek gibi bir gorev edinmisseniz ilk dinletmeniz gereken sarki. oyle yumusak, oyle guzel ki diger sarkilara gecis de guzel oluyor.
den adel'in ozellikle "i'm still wondering why" kisimlarinda bir ust sese cikarak co$masi bu $arkiyi ozel yapar, yillarca dinlettirir kendini..
"cuk" oturduğu günümün gündemi üzerinden süzülerek uykuma akan şarkı.
o ince sesiyle bu kadar güzel söylediği için bu şarkıyı 4 senelik kinimi (#9294370) unutup affediyorum sharon'ı(samimiyiz).evet affettim seni fettan sharon, yüksek sesle söylüyorum bunu.
jamaika'nın orta-güneyindeki yönetim bölgesi clarendon'da, küçük bir yerleşim birimi*. ~ clarendon kaynaklar: ~ fallingrain.com ~ discoverjamaica.com ülkenin ve bölgenin tüm yerleşim birimleri için: (bkz: jamaika/#26390534) (bkz: clarendon/#26391192)
within temptation'ın harikulade bir şarkısı. bayılıyorum. linki buradadır
