broadway'de buyuk basari elde eden bir muzikal. ayni isim ve kadronun buyuk kismi ile filmi de cekildi basrol kadin olarak doris day oynatildi. bir pijama fabrikasindaki isciler saat basi 7.5 cent zam isterler, isci-isveren temsilcileri arasinda cekisme olur vs, olay askla sonuclarin. hernando's hideaway sarkisinin olaganustu bir koreografisi vardir. muzikaller caginin son orneklerinden.
ilk gösterisini 13 mayıs 1954 yapmış broadway müzikali. richard bissell'in 7- 1/2 cents adlı romanından esinlenerek yapılmış. müzikalin en son gösterisi, 17 haziran 2006'da gerçekleştirdi. 1955'deki versiyonu 3, 2006 versiyonu ise 2 tony ödülünün sahibi. şu sıralar lg, buharlı çamaşır makinesi reklamı için müzikaldeki steam heat şarkısını kullanmakta. eğer steam heat hoşunuza gittiyse müzikali izlemenizi tavsiye ederim. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wk_osizhk_c steam heat şarkısının orjinal sözleri: i've got ::cling cling:: fsssss steam heat. i've got ::cling cling:: fsssss steam heat. i've got ::cling cling:: fsssss steam heat. but i need your love to keep away the cold. i've got ::cling cling:: fsssss steam heat. i've got ::cling cling:: fsssss steam heat. i've got ::cling cling:: fsssss steam heat. but i can't get warm without your hand to hold. the radiators hissin still i need your kissin to keep me from freezing each nite. i've got a hot water bottle, but nothing i've got'll take the place of you holdin me tight. i've got ::cling cling:: fsssss steam heat. i've got ::cling cling:: fsssss steam heat. i've got ::cling cling:: fsssss steam heat. but i need your love to keep away the cold. :::instrumental::: they told me to throw some more coal in the boiler. they told me to throw some more coal in the boiler. they told me to throw some more coal in the boiler. but that don't do no good. they told me to pour some more oil in the burner. they told me to pour some more oil in the burner. they told me to pour some more oil in the burner. but that don't do no good. coal in the boiler. no good. oil in the burner. no good. cold? no! hot? yes! sssssss yes yes yes come on union get hot!! :::clapping::: boink boink!! boink boink!! boink boink!! :::instrumental::: i need your love to keep away the cold. i need you looove to keep awayyyy the colddd....fsss yea!!
