3:55 süren bu parçanın solosu ve solo sonrası melodisi harikadır veya mükemmeldir.
özellikle giri$i çok gaz olan süper maiden $arkısı.
fates warning'in "the spectre within" albümünde yer alan mükemmel parça: the apparition when the stars are right and you're alone take a journey, lock the world tight out of your mind. the hall beckons your presence, the doors open wide you're to decide to turn back. deep the bowels of this black abyss. compelled i just can't resist it, take me take me away take me away i wanna know what's deep within take me away drawing near someone passes through me, a silent entity never looking back i won't dare evil eyes staring through he walls of stone as i feared i travel not alone. laughter's echoes with the blatant wind i have passed the threshold deep within me a voice of thunder said turn back tabernacle is forbidden no mortal dares to enter here i want to know flame is burning center of a fountain yearning, waters spring eternal, spiritual water physical fire above center is sky, cold neverness just vastness filled with stars upon stars in the four corners of life are the golden mirrors reflecting what you are and what you are to be in the first is a young boy white dove in his hand, in the second is a warrior in armor in the third is the old man gold watch in his hand fourth and last no reflection at all no reflection at all no reflection at all waters rise toward physical fire, voice says tabernacle is forbidden never looking back i don't dare if the water touches the flame forever in darkness yes i'll remain. white dove flies from the young boys hand through the mirror of the old man, only way out
dark hallucinations albümünde steel prophet tarafından coverlanmış fates warning parçası...
fates warning en klas şarkılarından biri bence. girişi mükemmeldir. ayrıca john arch'ın bitmez tükenemz çığlıları bağımlılık yaratabilir.
bir john donne şiiri. when by thy scorn, o murd'ress, i am dead and that thou think'st thee free from all solicitation from me, then shall my ghost come to thy bed, and thee, feign'd vestal, in worse arms shall see; then thy sick taper will begin to wink, and he, whose thou art then, being tir'd before, will, if thou stir, or pinch to wake him, think thou call'st for more, and in false sleep will from thee shrink; and then, poor aspen wretch, neglected thou bath'd in a cold quicksilver sweat wilt lie a verier ghost than i. what i will say, i will not tell thee now, lest that preserve thee; and since my love is spent, i'had rather thou shouldst painfully repent, than by my threat'nings rest still innocent.
güzel bir maiden parçası. lirikleri eksik kalmış, kalmasın (maiden parça sözü giriyorum lan sözlüğe, yıl olmuş 2010) now i'm here can you see me 'cos i'm out on my own when the room goes cold tell me you can feel me ...'cos i'm here here i am, can you see me passing through, on my way to a place i'd been to only in my dreams... before in a world of delusion never turn your back on a friend 'cos you can count your real true friends on one hand ...through life there are those that deceive you there are those that'll let you down is there someone out there that would die for you ...thought not live your life with a passion everything you do, do well you only get out of life what you put in ...so they say in a world of confusion people never say what they mean if you want a straight answer go look for one ...right now in a room full of strangers do you stand with your back to the wall do you sometimes feel like you're on the outside ...looking in? you can make your own luck you create your destiny i believe you have the power if you want to ...it's true you can do what you want to if you try a little bit harder a little bit of faith goes a long way ...it does are we here for a reason? i'd like to know just what you think it would be nice to know what happens when we die ...wouldn't it? there are some who are wise there are some who are born naive i believe that there are some that must have lived before ...don't you? as for me, well i'm thinking you gotta keep an open mind but i hope that my life's not an open and shut case extrasensory perception life after death, telepathy can the soul live on and travel through space and time? you know i feel so elated 'cos i'm about to find it out and when i know all the answers maybe then i'll come back ...to fill you in you don't be alarmed now if i try to contact you if things go missing or get moved around ...it's me and don't disbelieve it no matter what your "friends" might say we'll meet up again someplace some way ...one day
işi bilen korku filmi şirketi dark castle entertainment in yeni filmi. bu filmde bir çiftin evlerinde yaşadığı paranormal olaylar konu ediliyor. twilight serileri ile adını duyuran ashley greene başrolde. edit: film 3 arkadaş arasında geçiyor. 2012 yazında gösterime girecek.
"once you believe its real, you die" bıkmadınız şöyle dangalak filmler yapmaktan.
24 ağustos'da abd'de gösterime girecek film. konuyu beğendim açıkçası. fragman "doğaüstü olaylar insan zihninin ürünleridir ve hayaletler sadece onlara inanırsanız gerçektir" gibi bir cümleyle başlıyor ve fragmanın son sahnesinde kendi kendine "gerçek değil" diyen bir kadın var. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkmzxvwlth0
son yılların trendi, doğa üstü güçler ve el kamerası ikilisini paket yapıp önümüze koyan altı yüz elli dokuzuncu film. doydum diyorum, hala yediriyorlar!
amerika'da vizyona girmis, igrenc otesi korku/gerilim filmi. o kadar kotuki sinemada insanlar gulmekten kiriliyor.
an itibariyle digiturk salon 1 de dönen ve yorumlara bakılırsa izlemeye değmeyecek film. ilk 10 dakika ruh cagirma seansı alttan vurulmak suretiyle zıplayan masa eşliğinde sallanan amatör kamera çekimleri şeklinde zikretmekte...
