bir laura branigan sarkisi. self control adli albumde yer alir. 13. tokyo muzik festivalinde birincilik odulunu kazanmistir. kara simsek dizisinin bir bolumunde de kullanilmistir. branigan'in self controldeki muzik ile essiz uyuma sahip akici sesi bu sarkida da insani buyulemektedir. sozlerinde yuksek cinsel ve mental cazibeye sahip genc bir bayandan bahsedilmektedir. zevk icin yasayan bu hanim kalpleri acimasizca citir citir kirmaktadir. ben bu kizi daha once gordum diyorsaniz the lucky one'i ilik ruzgarin estigi bir bahar aksami gun batimina dogru yol alirken dinlemelisiniz. laura branigan / the lucky one / self control you can break away or you can stay you choose your life, you're free to fly go on and fly go on and fly she had it in her own time to get away and try to find somewhere to go, to run ... she saw the world through open eyes and never let a soul inside don't come too close, so close ... baby thinks she's smart, but what about her heart? like a wild bird of prey, like a thief in the night you can take what you want, and you don't think twice 'cos the world's in your hands, you got all you want and you won't change a thing, you're the lucky one oh, the lucky one oh, the lucky one her soul was strong, her heart was tough and when she felt she had enough she tore herself away love in the dark is all you see get what you want, not what you need you look the other way never letting on to what it's all become like a wild bird of prey, like a thief in the night you can take what you want, and you don't think twice 'cos the world's in your hands, and you've got all you want and you won't change a thing, you're the lucky one oh, the lucky one oh, the lucky one life is a dream, the lucky one, the lucky one, the lucky one oh, life is a dream, the lucky one life is a dream, the lucky one, the lucky one baby thinks she's smart, but what about her heart? like a wild bird of prey, like a thief in the night you can take what you want, and you don't think twice 'cos the world's in your hands, and you've got all you want and you won't change a thing, you're the lucky one oh, the lucky one oh, the lucky one oh, the lucky one oh, the lucky one
bir au revoir simone şarkısı.. gün batarken dinlenesi.. hani siz sabit durduğunuz halde güneş kendi hareketi gereği ışığını yüzünüze vurup gitmek üzereyken.. sözler; a dream of togetherness turned into a brighter mess a faint sigh my spoken best now, now make way for the simple hours no finding the time it’s ours a fate or it's a desire i know so i was the lucky one reading letters, not writing them taking pictures of anyone i know so let the sun shine so let the sun shine so let the sun shine let it come to show us that tomorrow is eventual we know it when the day is done so let the sun shine so let the sun shine so let the sun shine let it come to show us that tomorrow is eventual we know it when the day is done so let the sun shine so let the sun shine so let the sun shine let it come to show us that tomorrow is eventual we know it when the day is done
ayni zamanda bir paddy casey sarkisi. alakasiz fotograflar esliginde su linkten dinleyebilirsiniz: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjwkr8s7jua sozleri ise soyledir*: who was the lucky one who was the lucky one under the sun under the sun who was the lucky one who will not no doubt and not no pain and always find a shelter from the rain
zac efron ve taylor schillingin başrolde olduğu bir scott hicks filmi. fragman ve konuya bakılırsa güzel bir aşk filmine benziyor. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1327194/
20 nisanda abd de gösterime girecek zac efron filmi. the notebook 'un yazarı nicholas sparks ın romanından uyarlama bir film. http://en.wikipedia.org/…/the_lucky_one_%28novel%29 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkqaiqzdv3c
şöyle de basit ama çok güzel bir afişi olan uyarlama film: afiş
hoş, izlenilebilir bir film. ozellikle ilk kısımları gayet iyiydi. başroldeki buzdolabı kılıklı elemanı saymazsak.
