1992 yılında curtis hanson tarafından çekilen, anabella sciorra ve rebecca de mornay'in başrollerinde oynadığı gerilim türü film. türkçelendirilmiş ismi:besikteki el
morrissey ve johnny marr'ın ilk kez birlikte ürettikleri çalışmalardan biridir ve şarkının sözleri yüzünden moz çok kez çocuklara karşı cinsel istismarla suçlanmıştır. 1982 yılında çıkan the smiths albümünde yer alır ve bu albümde çocuklarla ilgili ikinci şarkı olması suçlamaları daha da arttırır. (bkz: suffer little children). ama sözler gerçekten güzeldir, ve çocuk veya değil, beşiği sallayan el morrissey'inki olduktan sonra bu sözlerin şahsıma söylenmiş olmasından hiç rahatsızlık duymazdım* please don't cry for the ghost and the storm outside will not invade this sacred shrine nor infiltrate your mind my life down i shall lie if the bogey-man should try to play tricks on your sacred mind to tease, torment, and tantalise wavering shadows loom a piano plays in an empty room there'll be blood on the cleaver tonight and when darknesss lifts and the room is bright i ll still be by your side for you are all that matters and i ll love you to till the day i die there never need be longing in your eyes as long as the hand that rocks the cradle is mine ceiling shadows shimmy by and when the wardrobe towers like a beast of prey there's sadness in your beautiful eyes oh, your untouched, unsoiled, wonderous eyes my life down i shall lie should restless spirits try to play tricks on your sacred mind i once had a child, and it saved my life and i never even asked his name i just looked into his wondrous eyes and said : "never never never again" and all too soon i did return just like a moth to a flame so rattle my bones all over the stones i'm only a beggar-man whom nobody owns oh, see how words as old as sin fit me like a glove i'm here and here i'll stay together we lie, together we pray there never need be longing in your eyes as long as the hand that rocks the cradle is mine as long as the hand that rocks the cradle is mine mine climb up on my knee, sonny boy although you're only three, sonny boy you're - you're mine and your mother she just never knew oh, your mother ... as long ... as long ... as long i did my best for her i did my best for her as long ... as long ... as long as ... as long i did my best for her i did my best for her oh ...
izlerken insanın sinirlerini oynatmayı başarabilen filmlerden. ayrıca filmdeki annecikin astım problemi esnasındaki nefes alıp vermeleri fazlasıyla gerçekçi ve başarılıdır. izlerken balkona gitme ihtiyacı hissettim.. (bkz: bunu yapan insan olamaz)
black sabbath'ın "cross purposes" albümünden harika bir parça: the hand that rocks the cradle young life, too young, who's eyes are choking, can't rest, can't sleep, for dreams that set you falling. don't feel the hunger, can't drink no holy water, no light in these eyes, no place for dreams at all tonight. when the hand that rocks the cradle, is the hand that holds the knife, and the knife that cuts the cable, kills the spark that feeds the life. no grave could be deep enough, down to hell if we were able, the veil of life was pushed aside, by the hand that rocks the cradle. the oath you take is sacred, to save not steel a life, like the passing of the sweetest soul, that looked through human eyes. no grave could be deep enough, down to hell if we were able, the veil of life was pushed aside, by the hand that rocks the cradle. young life, too young, who's eyes are choking, can't rest, can't sleep, for dreams that set you falling. don't feel the hunger, can't drink no holy water, no light in these eyes, no place for dreams at all tonight. no grave could be deep enough, down to hell if we were able, the veil of life was pushed aside, by the hand that rocks the cradle. it's the hand that rocks the cradle, is the hand that steels the life.
rocks the house die devam eden ecnebi deyimi..
beşik filan derken morrissey resmen ninni formatında yapmıştır bu şarkıyı. beşik sallar gibi bir ritmi vardır. hatta isterseniz şarkının herhangi bir yerinde, bebeklere uyutmak için yapıldığı gibi, "eeeee eeeee eeeee e" deyin, şarkıya back vokal yapıyor olduğunuzu, morrisseyin bu ninniyi şarkılaştırmaktan başka bir şey yapmamış olduğunu fark edeceksiniz..
julianne moore'un güzel ve seksi göründüğü tek film özelliğini de taşır.
