sözleri aşağıdaki gibi olan, country tarzı mükemmel bir kenny rogers şarkısı. on a warm summer’s evenin’ on a train bound for nowhere, i met up with the gambler; we were both too tired to sleep. so we took turns a starin’ out the window at the darkness ’til boredom overtook us, and he began to speak. he said, son, i’ve made a life out of readin’ people’s faces, and knowin’ what their cards were by the way they held their eyes. so if you don’t mind my sayin’, i can see you’re out of aces. for a taste of your whiskey i’ll give you some advice. so i handed him my bottle and he drank down my last swallow. then he bummed a cigarette and asked me for a light. and the night got deathly quiet, and his face lost all expression. said, if you’re gonna play the game, boy, ya gotta learn to play it right. you got to know when to hold ’em, know when to fold ’em, know when to walk away and know when to run. you never count your money when you’re sittin’ at the table. there’ll be time enough for countin’ when the dealin’s done. now ev’ry gambler knows that the secret to survivin’ is knowin’ what to throw away and knowing what to keep. ’cause ev’ry hand’s a winner and ev’ry hand’s a loser, and the best that you can hope for is to die in your sleep. so when he’d finished speakin’, he turned back towards the window, crushed out his cigarette and faded off to sleep. and somewhere in the darkness the gambler, he broke even. but in his final words i found an ace that i could keep. you got to know when to hold ’em, know when to fold ’em, know when to walk away and know when to run. you never count your money when you’re sittin’ at the table. there’ll be time enough for countin’ when the dealin’s done. (x2)
(bkz: igrok)
fun. isimli muhtesem gruba ait, solistin annesi ve babasinin birbirlerine olan sevgisini anlatan muhtesem otesi bir parca.. slow down, we've got time left to be lazy all the kids have bloomed from babies into flowers in our eyes. we've got 50 good years left to spend out in the garden i don't care to beg your pardon, we should live until we die. we were barely 18 when we'd crossed collective hearts. it was cold, but it got warm when you'd barely crossed my eye. and then you turned, put out your hand, and you asked me to dance. i knew nothing of romance, but it was love at second sight. i swear when i grow up, i won't just buy you a rose. i will buy the flower shop, and you will never be lonely. even if the sun stops waking up over the fields i will not leave, i will not leave 'till it's our time. so just take my hand, you know that i will never leave your side. it was the winter of '86, and all the fields had frozen over. so we moved to arizona to save our only son and now he's turning to a man, although he thinks just like his mother, he believes we're all just lovers he sees hope in everyone. and even though she moved away, we always get calls from our daughter. she has eyes just like her father's they are blue when skies are gray and just like him, she never stops, never takes the day for granted, works for everything that's handed to her, never once complains. you think that i nearly lost you when the doctors tried to take you away. but like the night you took my hand beside the fire 30 years ago to this day you swore you'd be here 'til we decide that it's our time well it's not time, you've never quit in all your life. so just take my hand, you know that i'll never leave your side. you're the love of my life, you know that i'll never leave your side. you come home from work and you kiss me on the eye you curse the dogs and say that i should never feed them what is ours and the kids are coming home i'll set the table you can make the fire.
aynı zamanda alf birinci sezon yirmi üçüncü bölümünün adı.
başrolünde james caan'ın olduğu 1974 yapımı film. ayrıca bugün itibariyle imdb'de yazdığına göre martin scorsese ve leonardo di caprio'nun yeni remake projeleri. yanlarına bir de the departed'la uyarlama senaryo ödülünü kazanan william monahan'ı almışlar. konu sağlam, yönetmen efsane, senarist on numero, oyuncu da fantastik. hadi hayırlısı bakalım.
mükemmel sözleriyle mükemmel bir kenny rogers şarkısı. şarkı resmen kendini anlatıyor arkadaş!!! ayrıca supernatural 6x4'te çalmışlığı da vardır.
1997 yapımı filmini hiçbir yerde bulamadığım film. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0129111/ bulan, bilen varsa bir el atsın da şenlenelim.
