böylesine şahanemsi, şaheserimsi bir brit albümü nasıl ekşi sözlük semalarında yer almaz anlamıyorum. kendileri özellikle ilk 5-6 şarkısındaki temposuyla reverend and the makers'ın müzik piyasasına fırtına gibi girmesini sağlamıştır. heavyweight champion of the world, open your window gibi hiperaktif şarkılar arctic monkeys ve the streets-gorillaz akımını iyi taşımıştır. hatta humbug dinleyeceğinize oturun bu albümü dinleyin, tavsiye ederim. şarkısı bile var aynı adı taşıyan, sözleri de: while some sore heads will rue last night’s endeavours make sunday’s vow that they won’t get so leathered dads shout at lads so they foul number seven there’s no need for fighting; they’re only eleven a little introduction to the state of things what of the woman, who stands by her fella, despite the bruises brought on by the stella to cook and to clothe and to clean and to screw is not the sum total of all she can do they claim that the threats high, oh do me a favour control you by fear so you don't know your neighbour tube station at midnight, shoot them on sight hearts beating faster on jubilee line the football fans fight cos united's at home it's futile as bald men fighting for a comb adam gives keeley what donna gave him keeley shags richard then gives it to jim i'm making you aware of the state of things a little introduction to the state of things i'm aching to sing about the state of things bet they don't teach you at school about the state of things and then there's the woman who's there in the station whose white lightning refuge is inebriation some wench on park bench contrasts to your cash she's not gonna kill ya or give ya a rash i'm making you aware of the state of things a little introduction to the state of things i'm aching to sing about the state of things because we're all run by fools that's the state of things i'm telling you straight about the state of things 1 9 8 4 the state of things it cuts me wide open the state of things i am the reverend and i'll tell you about the state of things
albüm tracklist'i şöyledir: 1. the state of things 2. machine 3. heavyweight champion of the world 4. bandits 5. open your window 6. sex with the ex 7. 18-30 8. he said he loved me 9. what the milkman saw 10. sundown on the empire 11. miss brown 12. armchair detective
(bkz: der stand der dinge)
