abba'nin 1981 tarihli 8. ve son albumu. 1. the visitors 2. head over heels 3. when all is said and done 4. soldiers 5. i let the music speak 6. one of us 7. two for the price of one 8. slipping through my fingers 9. like an angel passing through my room 10. under attack* 11. should i laugh or cry* 12. cassandra* 13.the day before you came*
(bkz: v)
albume ismini veren $arkinin sozleri: i hear the doorbell ring and suddenly the panic takes me the sound so ominously tearing through the silence i cannot move, i'm standing numb and frozen among the things i love so dearly the books, the paintings and the furniture help me the signal's sounding once again and someone tries the door-knob none of my friends would be so stupidly impatient and they don't dare to come here anymore now but how i loved our secret meetings we talked and talked in quiet voices smiling now i hear them moving muffled noises coming through the door i feel i'm crackin' up voices growing louder, irritation building and i'm close to fainting crackin' up they must know by now i'm in here trembling in a terror evergrowing crackin' up my whole world is falling, going crazy there is no escaping now, i'm crackin' up these walls have witnessed all the anguish of humiliation and seen the hope of freedom glow in shining faces and now they've come to take me come to break me and yet it isn't unexpected i have been waiting for these visitors help me now i hear them moving muffled noises coming through the door i feel i'm crackin' up voices growing louder, irritation building and i'm close to fainting crackin' up they must know by now i'm in here trembling in a terror evergrowing crackin' up my whole world is falling, going crazy there is no escaping now, i'm crackin' up now i hear them moving muffled noises coming through the door i feel i'm crackin' up voices growing louder, irritation building and i'm close to fainting crackin' up (i have been waiting for these visitors) they must know by now i'm in here trembling in a terror evergrowing crackin' up (i have been waiting for these visitors) my whole world is falling, going crazy there is no escaping now, i'm crackin' up (i have been waiting for these visitors) now i hear them moving muffled noises coming through the door i feel i'm crackin' up (i have been waiting for these visitors) voices growing louder, irritation building and i'm close to fainting crackin' up (i have been waiting for these visitors) they must know by now i'm in here trembling in a terror evergrowing crackin' up (i have been waiting for these visitors) my whole world is falling, going crazy there is no escaping now, i'm crackin' up
james woodsun başrolünde oynadığı, bu akşam cnbc ede yayınlanacak olan gerilim film. yönetmeni ise elia kazan
(bkz: ziyaretçiler)
cd formatında piyasaya sürülen ilk albümmüş. http://www.ntvmsnbc.com/news/411657.asp
alıp götüren bir hamza el din şahaseri.
babel'in soundtrack'lerinde de bulunan ve göz açık şekilde dinlenemeyen hamza el din şaheseri. eğileyim önünde:/
elia kazan'ın yönettiği 1972 yapımı film. eşi ve bebeği ile sakin bir pazar geçiren bir adamın, vietnam’da beraber savaştığı iki arkadaşı tarafından ziyaret edilmesini anlatıyor. adamın karısına dahi anlatmadığı bazı vietnam günahları bu ziyaret sayesinde ortaya dökülecek ve kısa sürede ziyaretin anlamı çok değişecektir. elia kazan’ın kendi evinde 16mm kamera ile çektiği bu yapım, bağımsız sinemanın ruh haline yakın, rahatsız edici bir savaş günahları filmi. geceyarısı filmleri kapsamında 18 mart cuma günü kargart'ta gösterimi yapılacaktır. http://www.otekisinema.com/…-1-davetsiz-misafirler/
aynı zamanda mission impossible altıncı sezon on birinci bölümünün adı.
