1965 yapımı, başrollerini sean connery ve harry andrews'in paylaştığı, yönetmenliğini sidney lumet'in yaptığı savaş filmi*.
ayrıca (bkz: once) soundtrackindeki en sahane sarkılardan biri olur kendisi. sozleri: walking up the hill tonight when you have closed your eyes i wish i didn't have to make all those mistakes and be wise please try to be patient and know that i'm still learning i'm sorry that you have to see the strength inside me burning but where are you my angel now don't you see me crying and i know that you can't do it all but you can't say i'm not trying i'm on my knees in front of him but he doesn't seem to see me with all his troubles on his mind he's looking right through me and i'm letting myself down beside this fire in you and i wish that you could see that i have my troubles too looking at you sleeping i'm with the man i know i'm sitting here weeping while the hours pass so slow and i know that in the morning i'll have to let you go and you'll be just a man once i used to know but for these past few days someone i don't recognize this isn't all my fault when will you realize looking at you leaving, i'm looking for a sign.. tungur eeziye duzeltmeler icin tesekkurler.
kalp kıran şarkı
once'da marketa irglova'nın kocasına yazdığı şarkı imiş.. filmin bu en güzel iki şarksından birini dinlemek istiyorsanız diye.. çok güzel bi de be. http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=xoztd0bvg9s
ağlatan şarkı. "i wish i didn't have to make all those mistakes and be wise"
bombay bicycle club'ın neşeliymş gibi görünen şarkısı. sözleri şöyledir: we look at the summer sun yellow and round, so we go out to the hill and we lie down, all but one sits in the corner, trying to find a way, and alright lets go outside, and rise, rise, rise, to the meaning of life, i'm trying but we're all falling out, i want to go back to old times. looking back looking out at different things, we flew to high let the sun burn our wings, we never thought it would be us, but it all comes back turned to dust, and alright lets go outside, and rise, rise, rise, to the meaning of life, i'm trying but we're all falling out, i want to go back to old times, and alright lets go outside, and rise, rise, rise, to the meaning of life, i'm trying but we're all falling out, i want to go back to old times. say what i know, you keep it low, why do you need it, say what i know, you keep it low, keep it a secret, say what i know, i keep it low, why do you need it, say what i know, i keep it low, keep it a secret, and alright lets go outside, and rise, rise, rise, to the meaning of life, i'm trying but we're all falling out, i want to go back to old times.
bu bir kis sarkisidir.
bazı şarkılar vardır. insanın o an ki ruh halini tamamen değiştirir. ya yazı yaşmak istersin ya da geçmişi düşünmek... işte öyle bir şey.
