(bkz: only the good die young)
scorpions'ın "kapatıyoruz" albümü sting in the tail'in 4. şarkısının adı, belki de albümün en güzel şarkısı. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun. you wake up watch the world go 'round you shiver feeling upside down your heart is beating fast pumping blood to your head another day to fight you have a prayer on your lips under the desert sun and a loaded gun you remember every word that your father said stay out of trouble son and be true to yourself you'll be working like a dog raise a family and life will be alright but now it's written in the stars if you'll make it out alive out alive the good die young there might be no tomorrow in god we trust through all this pain and sorrow the good die young the flame will burn forever and no one knows your name bring the boys back home again it was a quiet day on the streets of hope when the bomb went off at the side of the road sounds of breaking steel an windshield full of blood no enemy in sight it feels like in a movie scenes are passing by it's your life
scorpions'un sting in the tail albümünden bi balladımsı. en önemli özelliği bu şarkıda vokalde klaus meine'a tarja turunen'in eşlik etmesi. albümün hem en iyi şarkılarından hem de scorpions'un tarzına en uygun şarkılarından birisi gibi geldi bana.
şimdi, ne varsa eskilerde var geyiği yaparsam anti klişeden ağzımı burnumu kırmaya gelirler ama 60 küsur yaş ortalaması olan bi grup nasıl olur da ergeninden kendi yaşıtlarına kadar bi yaş yelpazesine hala ilham verici olabilir? hem de eski başarılarının ekmeğini yemeden, yeni üretim fırından sıcak sıcak çıkmış mis gibi parçalarla? bu parçayı bir de böyle dinleyin; sting in the tail'i bir de böyle dinleyin.
d12'in öldürülen elemanları bugz için yaptıkları şarkı. [intro] dawg....i shouldn't have left, they wouldn't have tried this shit if i was wit ya maybe we would have picked another time or chose another way or maybe my prayers would have convinced him to choose another soul shit, it's just me and my man tony now man you look so peaceful right now... how can i argue wit that they say... [chorus:] they say the good die young, that's why i think that you should have fun (when your young) cos time won't wait for no one (uh huh) when god calls, you gotta go home (go home) they say the good die young, (die young) that's why i know that we go' have fun, in this life cos you only get one when god calls for me, don't cry i just went home [kon artis] it's true that everybody heard, there mama say every days like this when you see, one of your friends die in the mist in the struggle, went through circumstances arrested every day just to prove a point to a friend even then, accidents are prone to happen to any man a woman is dumb enough to pretend that her, god won't hold them accountable for sins if they commit, they try to repent the sense of repent but i guess (that's just the way things go) i was blessed to see 24 (24) to wake up to that "hi, my name is" video motivated me to write what i wrote and i knew my little brother sold dope an mom and daddy want to move our road i did it, i still got a lot to prove and show i just which we ain't have to lose bugz to the struggle cos you know... [chorus] [bizzare] i know you used to bizzare on some silly shit but niggas in my cliq, is dying quick in detroit, niggas don't party they pull a .44 out, snatch off bacardis that's why i keep the pistol under the trunk i'm 27 years old, too old to be getting jumped and fuck rap, i miss karnail pitts, b-u-g-z tattooed on my wrist me and you in the jeep, listen to swing beats it's a shame me and fuzz don't even speak i got married, my wife name is d peace to 31 and 51-50, miss you [kuniva] i came back on that tragic, my phone rung and bizarres voice telling me, bugz was gone home it was like a knife piercing my chest and i couldn't breath i didn't wanna accept it, didn't wanna believe it i swear with this weight dawg, i cried so hard literally, denaun had to carry me to the car while i stand in this booth now it's tearing me apart but i had to let it out cos it was tearing at my heart cos he died over something so petty and so small a human life is so very precious i hope you all understand how i'm feeling cos i love you bugz i wanna rhyme wit you, laugh wit you, hug you bugz but i can't and you was so close to seeing dreams a coward came along and took you away from the team so don't mistake this track as just another song this goes out to everyone who lost a loved one cos you know [chorus] [proof] they say it's never too late, to have an early childhood if i could, turn back the hands of time, god should forgive what i did as a kid to run blocks now my dreams are just dream cops and gun shots the fun stops when your homies up in a box my dudey bole, rest his soul, snuffed by the cops i use to question a lot, if there's a guy by me say something if you love her so much why didn't u gave nothing when he took my homie, snuck was only in 11th grade now i hope to see your face at the heaven gates it ain't never late in the game, this hating remains with a grudge to see slugs straight through my frame my heart aches with the pain, the life in his breath we gotta have fun now, theres only minutes left in the depth, distress young as a ??? did to get tats of my fallen homies, i ain't got enough skin [chorus] [swifty] when i was younger i knew four brothers that wasn't wise that crash and the driver died, my partner on the passenger side was paralysed and i'm surprised by the look of that ride that the other peeps survived nine months later another one died somebody shot him in the side when he was starting up his ride 3 years go by, i made a hell of a run and that's when funky got done, a joey playing wit guns and tookie over funds, karty was my man and reggy, i wish that i was wit you in that van and bugz if it wasn't for you you know i wouldn't be standing in this booth, that's the truth, i miss you all... [chorus x2]
scorpions'ın giderayak bizlerle tanıştırdığı muhteşem bir eseridir. bu parçayı dinleyip, "bu adamlar 60 küsür yaşına gelmişler hala neler yapabiliyorlar" dememek elde değildir. klaus meine'de bu şarkıya biraz farklı bir vokal yapmıştır, nasıl farklı lan derseniz, hissediyorum ama açıklayamıyorum tadında bişiler.
bir de bunun tarja turunen'le düet versiyonu vardır. fena diyeyim, ne diyeyim. şöyle
iyiler erken ölür sözünün ingilizcesidir. evet iyiler erken ölür. mesela bir barış manço ölebilecek o kadar gereksiz adam varken aramızdan ayrıldı. hoş tek örnekle genellemekte saçma oldu ama neyse artık.
muhteşem eser. dinleyip dinleyip hala hayatta olduğum için zevk alıyorum içimdeki şeytandan. ben seni ele geçiremeyeceğim, sen de beni. ama hayat zaten böyle eğlenceli olmuyor mu ? sence klaus ?
bir alman kanalında stüdyo kaydından bile iyi söylenmiş mükemmel scorpions parçasıdır. merak edenleri şöyle alayım: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywbmlm17rho
sözlerine bir daha göz attıktan sonra açıkçası biraz rahatsız olduğum şarkı. böyle sağdan sağdan bi özgürlük geldi. "you have a prayer on your lips under the desert sun and a loaded gun" "and no one knows your name bring the boys back home again" biyografilerini okuduğumda scorpions'un "ikinci dünya savaşı sonrası almanya'nın, amerikan kültüründen etkilenmiş gençlerinden" kurulduğunu gördüm, evet biraz fazla etkilenmişler. ha konserlerine gidecek miyim? ilk gençliğimin ve klaus ile rudolf'un hatırına gideceğim. 90'ların başında bon jovi ve scorpions yakın zamanlarda geliyordu, "yerim bon jovi'yi" deyip scorpions'a gitmiştim. bugün olsa bugün de yerim. ama artık rammstein'ı daha fazla seviyorum.
