bir michael nyman bestesi. yaklaşık 10 sene önce ilk dinlediğimde beni daha da bir piyano aşığı haline getirmişti bu parça. hala her dinleyişimde "evet evet piyano çalmalıyım" diye içimi istekle doldurmakta. the piano soundtrack'te de vardı sanırım*
yıkan piyano melodilerine sahip bir parçadır.
(bkz: offret sacrificatio)
element 80'nin son albümündeki en dinlenesi parcalardan. the sacrifice mandi do you remember me when i was younger before there walls between us all the times i've been gone it has changed me can you please forgive me you are the sacrifice i made i know we've changed and the innocence is over now mandi do you remember before the anger took you away from me after everything we've been through i still need you tell me is it too late cause you are the sacrifice i made i know we'll never be the same cause you are the sacrifice i made i know we've changed and the innocence is over now it's over now all the times i've been gone you were left alone can you forgive me now mandi do you remember me cause now i older and i realize you are the sacrifice i made i know we'll never be the same cause you are the sacrifice i made i know we've changed and the innocence is over this is over now i know will never be the same cause you are the sacrifice i made i know we've changed and the innocence is over this is over now
symphony x'in son albümü paradise lost'un muhteşem parçası. your eyes, singing to me sweet lullabies while you lay there om submission forbidden desire alone in the moonlight hearts afire - burn away our inhibitions when the stars lose their fire and night steals the morning away forever and a day i will stay - i will stay here with you my love sacrifice, a heartbeat away from paradise all my reason's giving way to temptation fear and shame - looking for someone else to blame we're devoured by these fruitless accusations with every fleeting breath i take maybe our love was a mistake eternal life- i'd trade it for one moment beside you... when the stars lose their fire and night steals the morning away forever and a day i will stay - i will stay here with you my love when the stars lose their fire and night steals the morning away forever and a day i will stay - i will stay here with you my love
5 ekim 2010'da left 4 dead 2'ye çıkan yeni bölüm. left 4 dead karakterlerine ne olduğunu öğreniyorsunuz, başarılı olmuş.
"the piano" soundtrack'lerinden, michael nyman imzalı bir başka güzellik daha. "the heart asks pleasure first"ün biraz değişik versiyonu, birazcık uzunu hattâ.
dinleyenin tüylerini diken diken ediyor. hem de çok acayip. zira symphony x, bu taşşaklı balladında russell allen tarafından verilen bir vokal dersine aracılık yaparken, üzerine eklenen sololarıyla da adamın ciğerini ciğerini delmekten geri kalmıyor. dinlemek isteyen olur belki: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8s3lvhh5dk
