mabool'un 5. sarkisi, tam adi halo dies(the wrath of the god) ibranice baslayip ingilizce devam eden bu eser-i muhtesem "father thou art in heaven thy kingdom cries hallow lives the sacred halo dies you defied* and turned your back upon our lord of wrath all faith you lack you walk (upon) this beaten path" all man shall fall as abel fell to cain by fire, by storm, by hail and by rain the sacred triad, the three that are one shall serve the word, thy will shall be done hell hath no fury as a god scorned unleash his wrath he will let death be adorned "i will cleanse the world with fire scorched earth* forevermore purple tongues that burn, shall climb higher seas of flame will crush ashore shed the blood of mortal man the pains of birth are felt again reduce to none, thou art unborn the end of man, human dethroned all light is gone..." the rage of the lord is ever true you have been lead by the eternal deceiver he is the life taker, and pain giver (who) dwells into the depths of darkened fever there, as always, he lies, waiting - silent forever at the door the wrath of god that has befell you the servant of god - jobe, the faithful believer he turned into a shadow, all fear and shiver eve he drove astray and adam to believe her the serpent coils inside its lair as if picking at an open sore forever man's sins shall survive his earthly demise wallow in hateful ways and his life of lies eternal redemption they do not want nor seek short are their days and feeble naught but pleasure they adore...
-ibranice girisi: "vaishachet ha'aretz lifney habore, vetimla ha'aretz chamas" (cev:dunya tanri'nin gozunde bozulmustu, dunya siddetle dolmustu) -ingilizce sozlerin sonu: "the lord seeks their repentance so he will so his children may mend their ways and heal." -ibranice bitisi: "vayar habore ki raba ra'at ha'adam baaretz vekol yetzer machshavot libo rak ra kol hayom, vayenachem habore ki asa et ha'adam baaretz, veyt'atzev el libo." (cev: rab bakti, yeryuzunde insanin yaptigi kotuluk cok, akli fikri hep kotulukte. insani yarattigina pisman oldu. yuregi sizladi.*) seklinde olan orphaned land parcasi.
(bkz: halo dayi ve iki okuz)
son 2 dakikasını dinlerken titreşmemek zordur. kitab-ı mukaddesten fırlamış da gelmiş.
si minor, msn messenger'ın ne dinliyorum adlı özelliği açık iken bu parçayı dinlemeye başlar, listedeki kurtlar vadisi fanatiklerinin mesajlarıyla; kötü oldu, yazık oldu, vs yorumlarıyla karşı karşıya kalır. si minor anlam veremez, olaylar gelişir.. edit: imlasyon..
