linkin park'ın solisti chester'ın berlin konseri sirasinda akustik gitarla canli soyledigi, banyoda ciplakken elinde akustik gitariyla besteledigini soyledigi, dinlenesi, mukemmel parca; caught up against the wall again tied to a chain and a ball again never cease to amaze my mind so i just sleep sleep sleep please don't... wake me till the morning after wake me till the morning after cut and bruised like i fall again lick my wounds like a dog again is that a light at the end of the tunnel that i see i see please let it be but don't... wake me till the morning after wake me till the morning after wake me till the morning after i'm so tired, there has got to be an end to the pain i feel when i'm awake and alive alive alive alive and i'm dreamin oh caught up against the wall again tied to a chain and a ball again is that a light at the end of the tunnel that i see i see please let it be but don't... wake me till the morning after wake me till the morning after wake me till the morning after i'm so tired, there has got to be an end to the pain i feel when i'm awake and alive alive alive alive and i'm dreamin...
linkin park'in agababasi faith no more'un the real thing'inde de vardir bu isimde guzel bir eser. hemen woodpecker from mars'in onunde, solda.. "..awakened by the sun light / victimized by last night memories flashin' through my head / was i just born or am i dead? yesterday's forgotten, the morning after / i can taste you, i can hear your laughter.."
ing. ertesi sabah. genelde bir iliskinin veya nukleer bomba atiminin ertesini ifade eder.
firends'in üçüncü sezonunda ross'un rachel'la kavga etmesinden sonra gidip xerox girl ile yatmasını konu alan harikulade bölümü.
duran duranın en iyi parcalarindan save a prayerin nakaratinda da gecen soz obegi. don't say a prayer for me now save it till the morning after soylememe gerek var mi, one night stand mevzuundadir.
adını ilk duyduğumda "vaay, tankard sosyal icerikli şarkı yapmış ** " dediğim, ama sözlerini okuduğumda geceden kalmış bir adamın sabahki haleti ruhiyesini anlatan bir şarkı olduğunu anladığım güzel bir tankard şarkısı. zaten onlardan da baska konu beklenmezdi.
(bkz: morning after pill)
muthis sozlere sahip fnm sarkısı.. (bkz: the real thing) awakened by the sun light victimized by last night memories flashin' through my head was i just born or am i dead? yesterday's forgotten, the morning after i can taste you, i can hear your laughter fading in the distance recollections drifting bloodstains on my tattered clothes each minute the fear grows if i could just lay down to rest i'm tired of searching for myself if i am dead, how can i feel such love? if i am dead, why am i dreaming? if i am dead, where do i go from here? if i am dead, why does this pain feel so good? is this my blood dried upon my face? or is it the love of someone else? it tastes so sweet, just like you used to so rescue me my love, splice us together i remember loving you so much but where are you and where's your fatal touch? when i closed my eyes, was it my siesta? did i encounter a darkness stronger than sleep? i am thirsty for my sleep there are no answers anyway...
lady and bird albümünden. sözsüz olarak söz konusu ertesi sabahı anlatıyor.neyin ertesi?albümün gerisini dinlemek lazım. keren ann ve bardi johannson bestesi (bkz: suicide is painless) öyleyse (bkz: do what i do) ...ertesi sabah
jane fonda ve jeff bridges'ın başrollerinde yer aldığı, tam bir 80'ler filmi...
universal/island def jam etiketli, 7 eylül çıkışlı taze ve güzel ötesi james albümü. last.fm mesaj kutuma vahiy misali düşen dl linki için the grass was greener'a teşekkürü bir borç bilirim. şimdilik iki kez dinledim, minimum ikiyüz kez daha dinlerim sanıyorum. james'e gereken önemi vermeliyiz.
mercury records etiketiyle piyasaya çıkan james'in mini albüm serisinin ikincisi. ilki bunun üstüne konulup dinlenmeli. (bkz: the night before) "got the shakes" "dust motes" "tell her i said so" "kaleidoscope" "rabbit hole" "make for this city" "lookaway" "fear"
1988 tarihli tankard versiyonunun pek güzel sözleri de şöyledir; * can this be or am i dreaming? what a mess! woke up drunk lying on the floor this cannot be, my place is trashed broken bottles everywhere vomit oozing down the stairs i asked myself how did this happen don't recall why the nasty, pounding headache? i need relief, where's the tylenol lying in my bed! with a swollen head! what did i do? i always regret the morning after! morning's passed, now i think i remember holy shit! ugly bitch playing with my member mutated sow with an extra tit senseless ruckus late at night that's when we began to fight four am and we were hungry cooked some food ate until the fridge was empty then they left, all their bellies full now my brain feels like mashed potatoes getting sick i swear to kick this nasty habit and never drink for ever more headache ceases, all is fine getting thirsty, where's the wine? i cannot stop though i'm seeing double sloshed again i know it's sad but i really need it cause alcohol is my only friend lying in my bed! with a swollen head! what did i do? lying in my bed! with a swollen head! what did i do? i always regret the morning after!
aynı zamanda beverly hills 90210 dokuzuncu sezon birinci bölümünün adı.
aynı zamanda the nanny beşinci sezon birinci bölümünün adı.
tankardın 1988 albümünden bir şarkı. klibi muhteşem. gerre nin modern talking tshirt ü beni hep dağıtıyor : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bw5zt4pbypi edit: davulcunun gözlükleri de o zamanın modasıdır. hor görme garibi
