elton john sarkisi yesterday you came to lift me up as light as straw and brittle as a bird today i weigh less than a shadow on the wall just one more whisper of a voice unheard tomorrow leave the windows open as fear grows please hold me in your arms won't you help me if you can to shake this anger i need your gentle hands to keep me calm `cause i never thought i'd lose i only thought i'd win i never dreamed i'd feel this fire beneath my skin i can't believe you love me i never thought you'd come i guess i misjudged love between a father and his son things we never said come together the hidden truth no longer haunting me tonight we touched on the things that were never spoken that kind of understanding sets me free
(bkz: the last song i will ever write about a girl)
elton john'un 'the one' albümünün en son parcası.si majördür kendileri
(bkz: the one/#1984017)
all american rejects'ten hoş bir şarkı. this may be the last thing that i write for long can you hear me smiling when i sing this song, for you and only you as i leave will you be someone to say good-bye as i leave will you be someone to wipe your eye my foot is out the door, and you can't stop me now you wanted the best, it wasn't me, will you give it back now i'll take the lead, when there's no more room to make it grow i'll see you again, you'll pretend you're naive, is this what you want is this what you need, how you end up let me know. as i go, remember all the simple things you know, my mind is just a crutch and i still hope, that you will miss me when i'm gone this is the last song the hearts start breaking as the year is gone the dream's beginning and the time rolls on it seems so surreal, now i sing it. somehow i knew that i would be this way, somehow i knew that i would slowly fade. now i'm gone, just try and stop me now. and will you need me now, you'll find a way somehow you want it too, i want it too.
edge of sanity'nin 1997 de çıkan infernal albümünün sonuncu ve en depresif parçası, bir dan swanobestesi. sözleri; an empty paper in front of me and the pen that is supposed be the link between my thoughs and the written word i always believed that i could write about anything but i am always wrong somehow wrong somehow and i can't find a way to release the poetry i hide in the closet deep inside and why do you hear these words whwn i have nothing to say i am only trying to complete this song so you can see see that i don't know that i don't know the way to find the words i'm given time time to find a rhyme but all i do is write these empty lines though i wish that i could....
"last kiss"dir bu.
smashing pumpkins şarkısıdır aynı zamanda this is the last song this is the last song i'll sing for you this is the last song this is the last song i can give you the roaring city sleeps metal fingers clutching dirty sheets and no one comes for free in this place where the angels sleep this is the last song my eyes are open wonder to this as you hold the secrets i count the minutes off so perfectly the shards of broken glass sing the strains of a sad old tune we've made it at last but what we had is lost inside our past this is the last song could you find away across me to forgive and forget me to appease and relent me to deceive and detect me to understand and release me to the dawn this is the last song
genelde filmlerin sonunda çalan şarkı ya da melodi için(eğer başka bir adı yoksa) soundtracklerde kullanılan terim. dolayısıyla aradığınız, filmin sonunda çalan şeyi bulmak ise paylaşım programlarında, örn. "ortadirek saban - the last song" şeklinde arama yaptırınız. genellikle işe yarıyor lakin bu örneği dikkate almayınız..
ninja tuneun the shadow years toplamasinda yer alan cok güzel bir funki porcini parcasi.
güzel bir poisonparçası. when i lost my way you were my light when the others wronged me you did me right when i look in your eyes don't tell me lies you tell me the truth your words, they get me through this is all i've got this is all i'd say if this were my last day this is my last song it's all i got if i bare my soul don't you break my heart won't you sing along this is my last song it's all i got so don't you break my heart wrote down these words put them in this song i play it for you pray they don't come out wrong cause all i've gots my word i give it to you now it may not be much it's the best that i can do this is all i've got this is all i say so please don't walk away this is my last song it's all i got if i bare my soul don't you break my heart won't you sing along this is my last song it's all i got so don't you break my heart if this were my last breath of my last day my last chance this is what i'd say i thank you for the laughter sorry for the tears time to say goodbye i say goodbye after all these years you shouldn't have broke my heart
bir camera obscura şarkısı...ağlama isteği uyandırabilir...
tears for affairs'in ciktigi gunden bu yana kazimisim bunyeme bu sarkiyi. o olmadan olmuyor. hayatimda dinledigim en guzel sarkilardan biri olmasinin yani sira, anlattiklari ve hissettirdikleri sayesinde bir turlu vazgecemiyorum kendisinden. istesem de istemesem de o beni hep buluyor. daha basinda yuzumdeki gulumseme xx'in agzindan kelimeler dokulmeye basladigi anda huzunle kaplaniyor. birbirini seven iki kisi, mesafeler, sevdigin bir baskasi ile birlikte olmasinin dayanilmaz hafifligi. hep kendimi hatirlatiyor bu sarki bana artik eskisi gibi gozlerim dolmasa da. ama boyle bir durum daha guzel anlatilabilir mi orasini bilmiyorum.son kullanma tarihi de hic gelmeyecek bunun hem.bir omur boyu.iste buraya da yaziyorum: i can't call you my phone will be relieved you can't call me 'cause someone else will feel deceived i don't understand this how did you get hold of me? you've got me questioning my fidelity i'll send a package in the post i've got love to send should i want you the most? it feels like i have no defense the tree in my garden is blossoming still it's late this year it's just like me, it's wavering going through the motions i want to be at home it's an effort to get on this plane at all it was love for sure every cliche in the book i loved you more and more with every desperate look don't thank me for breakfast with your naked skin don't lie, don't pretend you feel anything my heart is no longer a friend of mine it wants to betray me most of the time i love you my darling i love you my friend i love you my darling but it feels like this is the end
kapatıyoruz ilanıyla müşteri çekmenin müzikteki karşılığı olsa gerek.
yakında gösterime girecek olan nicholas sparks'ın romanından uyarlanan bir miley cyrus ve greg kinnear filmi.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yx71-tu5zii
poisonblack'in of rust and bones albümünün 9. parçası.
julie anne robinson'un yönettiği, enteresan bi şekilde son şarkı adıyla bizde gösterime girecek olan 2010 yapımı abd filmi.. “a walk to remember”, “the notebook” gibi çok satan romanların yazarı nicholas sparks’ın aynı adlı son romanından uyarlanan “son şarkı"nın (the last song) konusu abd’nin güneyindeki küçük bir sahil kasabasında geçer. kariyeri uğruna ailesini yıllar önce terk etmiş olan bir baba (greg kinnear), yaz tatilini ergenlik çağındaki kızı (miley cyrus) ve küçük oğluyla (bobby coleman) geçirme şansına kavuşmuştur. ancak new york’taki evinde olmayı tercih eden kızı iletişim kurma konusunda isteksizdir. ilk aşklarla ikinci şansların kolkola gittiği bu aile, arkadaşlık, sırlar ve kurtuluş hikayesinde baba, iletişim kurmak için çareyi kızıyla tek ortak paydaları olan müzikte bulacaktır."
rated r albümünden rihanna şarkısı aynı zamanda.
hiç bir espirisi olmayan ergen filmi. sanırım amacı miley cyrus'ın teenage icon olarak yerini sağlamlaştırmak. her öge bir hayli klişe. son zamanlarda garip garip işler yapıyor korktu her halde menejeri yada disney, acaba hedef kitlesinden uzaklaşıyor mu diye. hüküm: yanında başka bir iş yapmayacaksanız, bilgisayarınızda başka film kalmadıysa ya da kafanızı daha aptal bir şey ile doldurmak gibi bir baheneniz yok ise izleyeni dövüyoruz. ben önce izledim ki başkaları zorunda kalmasın.
bu filmi miley cyrus yazsa ancak bu kadar olurdu heralde. gereksiz bir film. miley cyrus'ın dişlerinde ağzında ne problem var diye baktım durdum bütün film. bir garip. ayrıca neresini beğenmiş ergenler o kadar da meşhur olmuş bu kız anlamadım yani. tanım: konusu bayat, oyuncuları dandik, izlemesi sıkıcı, son derece anlamsız bir film. izlemeyin.
muhteşem bir theory of a deadman şarkısı: the light that's in your eyes, like everyone wants it to be well can't you see that it must be this way who knows who's wrong or right, just as long as you're here tonight just like my mother, always taking my likings away when nobody's watching us i missed the last song i blame myself for just standing there too long i missed the last song i blame myself for just standing there i miss the love, i miss the holidays i miss my best friend, cheap cigars, stupid kids and movie stars and just like my father, always taking my likings away when nobody's watching us i missed the last song i blame myself for just standing there too long i missed the last song i blame myself for just standing there too long why does it feel like this world is just not for us why does it feel like this world's all they've got for us why does it feel like nobody's watching us i missed her sweet smell, i miss it everyday i miss my best friend, cheap cigars, stupid kids and movie stars and i missed the last song and i miss you and this time this one's for us i missed the last song i blame myself for just standing there too long i missed the last song i blame myself for just standing there too long i missed the last song i missed the last song i missed the last song i missed the last song
bir bob seger parçası. ramblin' gamblin' man albümünden. sözleri; * don't you know it doesn't matter who you are or what you'd really like to be cause it's all without your mind and you weren't born blind and you don't have to see just keep it in your heart and if it takes you far it's a start man it's a start women were sent from heaven above and love needs to be loved needs to be loved love needs to be loved love needs to be loved love needs to be loved love needs to be loved
bir the broken family band şarkısıdır. sözleri: i've got one good song left in me and it's poring out like oil it's here on my hands like dirt clinging to fingers that have been digging at the soil it's natural just making love to the girl you wanted most of all it's got me in a room with my head in my hands position against the wall and when it's done with me i'll be one my back again with the need to be with all my friends whatever happened to them i got one good line that i'm saving in case nothing else comes out except the words that you hope will fall back on them self when you scratch 'em at your desk it's natural just making love to the girl that you wanted most of all it's got me in a room with my head in my hands position against the wall and when it's done with me i'll be on my back again with the need to be with all my friends whatever happened to them and when it's done with me i'll be on my back again with the need to be with all my friends whatever happened to them. buradan dinlenebilir: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxf5eh1imwe
