thoughts of griefin bir sarkisi..sozleri: i take your name i take your cross to the farthest shores of the world. carry your word carry your work to the darkest places of earth. 'cause only you are right to know which way takes me to his home. i call for my people to come to this castle which bears the name of the cross. settle my land. i'll wage the war which bears the name of the cross. and his glorious realm... you are the bridge between this world and his glorious realm. but doubts arise... the name of my god love in my mind but we bring hate, death and war. why do you claim to be right?!
sonny rollins'in 1962 yilinda kaydettigi guzel album. albumun basligi olan kopru, somut olarak new york'da bulunan williamsburg koprusu'nu soyut olarak da ellilerin sonny'si ile altmislarin sonny'sinin arasindaki kopruyu temsil eder.
marley marl, roxanne shante, biz markie ve mc shan'den kurulu juice crew'in, '86 çıkışlı golden age/oldskool rap klasiği.. 5 ay sonra boogie down productions, the bridge is over'la bu parçaya cevap vermiştir.
juice crew'un unutulmaz parçasının sözleri: ladies and gentleman we got mc shan and marley marl in the house tonight they just came from off tour and they wanna tell you a little story about where they come from the bridge(scratched) (3x) queensbridge you love to hear the story again and again of how it all got started way back when the monument is right in your face sit and listen for a while to the name of the place the bridge(scratched) (3x) queensbridge hip hop was set out in the dark they used to do it out in the park every place they said his name it rang an alarm otherwise known as mean teen tom a brother whose known for his rap jabby jack, larry laughter and least not last a cool brother by the name of gas these brothers made you get loose they was down with a brother called cousin bruce they used to jam in the center you had to pay so you could enter go to the door get frisked just in order to get in and if you wasn't from this town then you couldn't fight and win but everytime they had a jam they couldn't get no peace so that's why the jam's out there and the parks they had to cease cause you was in the bridge(scratched) (4x) queensbridge why don't you wise up show all the people in the place that you are bright make this here one jam that you do not start no fight cause that is one thing that we all must see done and if you start some shit you're ass had better run cause you're in the bridge(scratched) (4x) queensbridge dimples be the girl, she was great her and marley marl went and cut a plate they used to rock it out in the place and the title of it was sucker dj's and then he strolled along one day and then he walked into a girl named shante third in line you know its me mc shan ha ha in the place to be mc man he made them beg he is the man who is known as craig the newest member out to get loose now he is down with us and he got the juice this is the place where stars are born and we are the only ones that can't be worn out by any place any part of the world and while i'm out on tour keep your hand off my girl when she's in the bridge(scratched) (8x) queensbridge dead dreams, bought and sold you gotta try and receive your goal however you do it however you're made don't ever listen to what ? say cause i will tell you the deal you gotta go by what your heart feel cause if you don't you'll be misled by stupid little things put inside your head or someone else that you will see their trying to live your destiny by the time you think about it your grown and then you gotta say god damn i gotta leave my home grab hold of your heavy chain rich people always pullin always trying to restrain you heard just what i said they're always pullin ya back when you wanna get ahead they pull you back cause their not wit it you're talking about school their talking about quit it soon you'll see that time just fly cause you spent most of it out gettin high thought about it much, much later could've went to school and been much greater but you chose to lead that fate now you're sucking on a bone when it should've been steak the whole purpose of the story i told was mainly to inspire you to reach your goals stop walking through life as if you are blind you should reach for your goal cause i'm reaching for mine and i'm from the bridge(scratched) (4x) queensbridge keep on rockin the bridge will keep rockin if the beat stop rockin the bridge will keep rockin if the beat stop rockin the bridge will keep-a rockin till the beat stop rockin the bridge will keep-a rockin till the bridge stop rockin the kids will keep-a rockin when the bridge stop rockin the bridge will keep-a rockin if the kids stop rockin the bridge will keep-a rockin till the beat stop rockin the bridge will keep rockin ladies and gentleman we got mc shan and marley marl in the house tonight ladies and gentleman we got mc shan and marley marl in the house tonight they just came from off tour and they wanna tell you a little story about where they come from they just came from off tour and they wanna tell you a little story about where they come from (music plays until end)
clinic in john peel session'larindan birinde söyledigi sarkisinin adi
clinic'in walking with thee albumunun 9. parcasi. bits of batler cook in the glow, you need the love you need it to show come come come oh how we know, you need the love you need it to show come and glow its good as ever good as ever close look at all the sun on the waves you need the love you need it today come come it's never too late you need the love you need it today come and glow its good as ever good as ever close meet me on the bridge out of sight you need the love you need it to die, come come you know that is time you need the love you need it to show come and glow
elton john un eleştirmenlere göre uzun yıllar aradan sonra yaptiğı en iyi parça. the captain and the kid albümünün çıkış single olan parçadır aynı zamanda. sir* 'ünde dediği gibi kişinin hayatındaki herhangi ana mutlu ya da hüzünlü adapte edilebilecek olan karmakarışık bir eserdir. i've seen the bridge and the bridge is long and they built it high and they built it strong strong enough to hold the weight of time long enough to leave some of us behind and every one of us has to face that day do you cross the bridge or do you fade away and every one of us that ever came to play has to cross the bridge or fade away standing on the bridge looking at the waves seen so many jump, never seen one saved on a distant beach your song can die on a bitter wind, on a cruel tide and the bridge it shines oh cold hard iron saying come and risk it all or die trying
eric steel'in yönettiği 2006 yapımı golden gate belgeseli. " new yorker' da yayımlanan bir haberden ilham alan yönetmen eric steel, 2004 yılı boyunca golden gate köprüsüne kameralar yerleştirmiş ve dünyanın en çok intihar edilen yeri olan bu ünlü yapıdan atlayıp kendini öldürmeyi deneyen 24 kişiyi kaydetmiş. arkadaşlar, aile bireyleri, tanıklar ve çeşitli intihar girişimcileriyle yapılan röportajlar aracılığıyla, bu kişilerin neden kendilerini öldürmek istediklerini ve neden özellikle orayı seçtiklerini açıklamaya çalışan köprü, insan zihnin en karanlık ve belki de en zor nüfuz edilen köşelerine göz atıyor. "
oldukca basarili bir sekilde kotarilmis belgesel. izledikten sonra insan allak bullak oluyor.. nede olsa kopruden atlayip intihar etmek biz turklerin yabanci oldugu bir kavram degil.. kopruden atlayip kurtulmayi becermis bir genc ve babasi ile yapilan roportaj ise oldukca carpici.
(bkz: gene sprague)
2010 da başlayan bir crime, drama dizisi daha. başrolde hödük bir polis ve sanırım yardakçısı ibnemsi bir polis..
danimarka-isveç ortak yapımı dizi için: (bkz: bron/broen)
bron/broen'den uyarlanacak, "meksika-abd sınırı dolaylarında bir seri katil kovalamacası" konulu yeni fx dizisi. başrolünde diane kruger olacakmış.
aynı zamanda the middle ikinci sezon yirmi üçüncü bölümünün adı.
