james woods ve micheal j fox'un oynadiklari polisiye bir komedi. tecrubeli ve agresif polis*, yaninda polisiye filmlerde oynayan yakisikli bir artiz*. yeni cekilecek bir film icin nick lang* un gercek bir polisle bir miktar zaman gecirmesi gerekmektedir, olaylar gelisir...
tinsley ellis'in çok çok güzel bir albümü.. leziz bir blues doyumu..
tinsley ellis üstadın 2004 tarihli aşmış albümüdür. ellis'in en iyi parçalarından birisi* olan the last song isimli parçası da bu albümde yer almaktadır. albümde yer alan parçalar şöyle; 1. still in the game 2. let him down easy 3. me without you 4. i'll get over you 5. and it hurts 6. la la land 7. my love's the medicine 8. fountain of youth 9. love bomb 10. her other man 11. 12 pack poet 12. the last song
1991 yapımı bir john badham filmi. hem james woods'u hem de michael j fox'u sevenler için çok güzel bir çalışma. 11 yaşındaki christina ricci de bonusu; eğer dikkatli izlerseniz. bill murray'in gücüne gitmesin, allah affetsin ama groundhog day kadar severim.
bana yeniden sarkilar soyleten adam mike shinoda'nin* nefis sarkisi. the rising tied albumunden geliyor; come with me let me walk in through the world that i currently stay in you can take a look around and tell me if i’m mistaken you can even talk to everybody that i live with maybe you can tell me why everybody’s so distant is it me or maybe, when i look around daily i don’t even know the people i can put my trust in lately people that i used to hang with now their actin’ so different i’m still the same person why doesn’t anybody listen? can somebody please just explain to me what happened to the way that we always said we’d be right now i dunno why i push through the pain that i got through and i’m losin’ hope deafening voices that frequency inside my head that says i’m going at it the hard way i focus get everything inside out of my brain that claims i’m going at it the hard way come with me let me walk in through the world that i currently live in not a thing is forgotten, not a thing is forgiven nobody can hold their own underneath the weight but nobody can take the blame for their own mistakes so what do you do when somebody lets you down? and you wanna say something but you can’t cause their not around inside you think they know the extent of the pain but they won’t even admit that they were the one to blame can somebody please just explain to me what happened to the way that we always said we’d be cause right now i dunno why i push through the pain that i got through and i’m losin’ hope voices in my head can somebody please just explain to me what happened to the way that we always said we’d be right now i dunno why i push through the pain that i got through and i’m losin’ hope, give me one reason not to.
100 bulletsin en efsane cildi. eduardo risso her panelde okuyucuyu goz yaslarina bogar. hic bir kutu veya belirtec kullanmadan 3 ayri zaman diliminde gecen oykuyu muazzam bir ustalikla hic kafa karistirmadan anlatmayi basarmis hikayedir. "we will forget that i'm a stinking assassin and you're a filthy rich girl..." sahnesini hollywood daha cekemedi.
