backstreet boysun kipra$ik bir $arkisi..
hicbir nokia modelinde pil "tick tick" diyerek bitmemektedir, abidik gubidik bir ses cikarirlar ve kapandiktan sonra oyle acmak da mumkun olmaz. her ne kadar klibindeki psycho hatuna saygi duymamak elde degilse de, boynuzu mazur gormek kadar kotudur boylesine abartmak.
marvelin 11 eylül olayları sonrasında polis ve itfayecileri konu alan yeni çizgiromanı
(bkz: the calling)
stilinden nefret etmeme rağmen defalarca arka arkaya dineleyebileceğim nadir backstreet boys ve muadili boy band şarkılarından biridir.* sözlerini de yazalım tam olsun: phone rings girl picks up girl: "hello?" aj: "hi it's me what's up baby? i'm sorry, listen i'm gonna be late tonight so don't stay up and wait for me ok?" girl: "where are you?" aj: "wait, wait say that again?" girl: "hello?" aj: "you're coming in and out i think my battery must be low. listen if you can hear me we're goin to a place nearby, alright? gotta go" let me tell you the story about the call that changed my destiny me and my boys went out, just to end up in mysery i was about to go home and there she was standing in front of me and i, i got a little place nearby i wanna go, i should have said no someone's waiting for me but i'm gonna go up and see listen baby i'm sorry just wanna tell you don't worry i will be late don't stay up and wait for me i'll say again you're drying out my battery it's low so you know we're goin to a place nearby i gotta go now till it's done nothing's been won i can't take it back what's done is done one of her friends found out that she wasn't the only one and it eats me from inside, that she's not by my side just because i made that call and lied listen baby i'm sorry just wanna tell you don't worry i will be late don't stay up and wait for me i'll say again you're drying out my battery it's low so you know we're goin to a place nearby i gotta go break (with repetitive "baby baby i'm sorry, and "hello?") let me tell you the story about the call that changed my destiny me and my boys went out, just to end up in mysery i was about to go home and there she was standing in front of me said i, i got a little wasted bye gotta go listen baby i'm sorry just wanna tell you don't worry i will be late don't stay up and wait for me i'll say again you're drying out my battery it's low so you know we're goin to a place nearby gotta go listen baby i'm sorry just wanna tell you don't worry i will be late don't stay up and wait for me i'll say again you're drying out my battery it's low so you know we're goin to a place nearby we're goin to a place nearby gotta go (sound of phone hanging up) (valla billa copy paste) hatta bu şarkıyı bbg evinde zeki isimli arkadaş ezberlemiş ve hayranına kendince söyleyip dururdu.
(bkz: çağrı)
(bkz: call of duty)
klibi insanda film-noir tadı bırakır. güzel şarkıdır.
pirelli firmasının yeni sosyal kuruluşu olan pirelli films in çektiği ilk kısa film. (bkz: pirelli films)
ba$rollerinde naomi campbell ve john malkovich'in oldugu ve trailerindan bir gerilim filmi gibi gorundugunu soyleyebilecegim film.
john malkovich'in din adamını, naomi campbell'ın da şeytanı canlandırdığı filmcik. detaylar için: http://www.pirellifilm.com/pirellifilm/index.jhtml
küçük pete'in wellsville'de yıllardan beri çalan telefonu açmak istediği pete and pete bölümü.
regina spektor'ın prince caspian için yaptığı harika şarkı. filmin sonunda çalıp koltuğa yapıştırmış, bitmeden çıkmaya izin vermemiştir. sözleri de eksik kalmasın: it started out as a feeling which then grew into hope which then turned into a quiet thought which then turned into a quiet word and then that word grew louder and louder till it was a battle cry i'll come back when you call me no need to say goodbye just because everything's changing doesn't mean it's never been this way before all you can do is try to know who your friends are as you head off to war pick a star on the dark horizon and follow the light you'll come back when it's over no need to say goodbye you'll come back when it's over no need to say goodbye now we're back to the beginning it's just a feeling and no one knows yet but just because they can't feel it, too doesn't means that you have to forget let your memories grow stronger and stronger till they're before your eyes you'll come back when they call you no need to say goodbye you'll come back when they call you no need to say goodbye
soru "nasıl olacak da olacak?" olduğu zaman, cevabı regina'nın sesiyle kulaklarımıza fısıldayan şarkı.
acaip bir klibi olan gotthard şarkısı. sözleri de şöyle don't call me up, i won't answer this time you've had your chances and you blew them all, so fine. no, i won't regret it i won't take this note on me i'll try, try to forget it yes i'm already on my way! but higher they cry the harder they crawl i've been waiting for this moment to come i've played all my cards the stake was on you now they raise a single reason to stay wait for the call you know i'm tough, i give up i'm afraid that i could lose again but hey, it's not an illusion that's just a price i've got to pay but higher they fly the harder they fall i've been waiting for this moment to come i've played all my cards the stake was on you now they raise a single reason to stay and wait for your call to wait for your call....no! but higher they fly the harder they fall i've been waiting for this moment to come i've played all my cards the stake was on you now they raze a single reason to stay but higher they fly the harder they fall i've been waiting...yeaah! for you to take over!
regina spektor'un mükemmel şarkısıdır. edit olayinin dibine vurdum su anda.
backstreet boys'un the call'u için konuşuyorum, yıllar sonra da dinlenesidir. öss hazırlığı yaddır.
şu şarkının müziğine daha güzel sözler yazıp yeniden piyasaya çıkarsa efsane olacaktı backstreet boys. cumartesi gecesi telefon şarjının bitmesi üzerine kurulu bir şarkı olunca o kadar güzel müzik boşa gidiyor. bildiğin mükemmel melodi lan.
seneler sonra yaş kemale ermişken bile dinlenebilen bir back street boy parçası. lise terk de değiliz halbuki.
zamanında klibi çıksa da izlesek diye mtv - number one başında bekleten şarkı. sözleri tırışka olsa da müziği harikadır. http://www.youtube.com/…stwlxl_vwr0&feature=related
b.s.b.'in en güzel şarkısıdır bu diyebiliriz. zamanında black & blue albümünü aldırdı bu şarkı, boru mu?
bu sarki 2012 yilinda yeniden cikarilmali: nokia 3210 benzeri bir telefon yerine iphone kullanilsin, tam olur, zira sarkinin sozleri halen gecerli.
çocukların sevdiğim tek şarkısı.
bizleri "trailer'da flashback" ile tanıştıran film. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1911644/
