efsanevi ministry parcasi.
ministry denildiginde akla gelen yegane parca. sozleri : thieves, thieves and liars, murderers hypocrites and bastards in laughter hey thanks for nothing! morals in the dust two-faced bastards and syncophants no trust thieves! liar! inside, outside, which side, you don't know my side, your side, their side, we don't know which side are they? which side are they? which side of their mouth do you suppose that it came? which side are they? which side are they? which side of the grass is greener? inside, outside, which side, you don't know my side, your side, their side, we don't know you're like a great big fucking gun, just waiting to get squeezed! breathe, forfeit erection! toxical injection geriatric fuck-fest we still believe in lies thieves! liar! inside, outside, which side, you don't know my side, your side, their side, we don't know who started it? who started it? which side are they? which side are they? which side of their mouth do you suppose that it came? which side are they? which side are they? which side of the grass is greener? inside, outside, which side, you don't know my side, your side, their side, no one knows you're like a great big hit of acid, waiting to be taken!
ing. hırsızlar. *
sonlara doğru gelen you will not kill, i can't hear you, i still can't hear you nidaları sonucunda insan kendini bir an için private pyle sanabiliyor. tehlikeli bir şarkı.
shearwater'ın 2005 tarihli ilk ve tek ep'si. tracklist: 01. i can't wait 02. you're the coliseum 03. mountain laurel 04. there's a mark where you were breathing 05. near a garden
2008 tarihli the organ ep'si.. [grubun dağıldıklarını açıkladıktan sonra çıkardıkları bir album olup, daha önceden kaydedilmiş ancak yayınlanmamış 6 şarkısını içermektedir. grab that gun neyse thieves de odur. arkaarkaya dinlenebilirler.] -------------------------------------------------------------------------- 1. even in the night 2. oh what a feeling 3. let the bells ring 4. fire in the ocean 5. can you tell me one thing 6. don't be angry
lunicin lovethief albümünden epey başarılı bir eser. dinlenmesi gerekmektedir. here we go, on our own we'll make our own path, we won't look back 5am for a drive the monday sunrise makes us smile in the moment we're free of all the bad things, little lovethieves here we go! i won't let you go i like it here for the first time i am happy i feel alive so let's drive the simple things that we do make me thankful that i met you even when we get tired we stay up talking or go out walking with the wind in our face we're so alive, we're so awake here we go! i won't let you go i like it here for the first time i am happy i feel alive so let's drive it's a shame these things don't last forever i'll never forget our time together don't know what happens in the end i'm just glad i found a real friend ride that horse! şeklinde sözlere sahiptir.
mmorpg thief. yasasin blackjack.
bir she and him sarkisi miymis? guncel cep telefonu melodisi. there's thieves among us, painting the wall with all kinds of lies, the lies i never told at all what's in my pocket? you never knew you didn’t know me well, so well as i knew you and i know and you know too that love like ours is terrible news but that won't stop me crying no, that won't stop me crying over you i'm not a prophet, old love is in me new love just seeps right in and makes me guilty why do you look like that? it’s not all that bad i'll see you sometime, sometimes lonely isn't sad and i know and you know too that love like ours is terrible news but that won't stop me crying no, that won't stop me crying over you we two are makers, just made this mess two broken hearts don't break any less there's thieves among us, painting the walls with all kinds of lies, the lies i never told at all and i know, and you know too that love like ours is terrible news but that won’t stop me crying that won’t stop me crying over you no, that won’t stop me crying over you
pek leziz bir klibi var. buyrun: http://www.youtube.com/…seagliahj0m&feature=channel
incubus'un if not now, when? albümünün en leziz parçalarından biri. bir diğeri için (bkz: in the company of wolves)
you're happy all the time i just don't understand why i can't be happy too your smiles are salt in the wound a slap upon a back that's been toiling in the sun when will i get mine? or must i be a god-fearing, white american? oh everything is fine as long as you're a god-fearing, white american why should the thieves have all of the fun? selling us water by the river, they don't speak for everyone i'm ready to run and you're making me crawl selling me water by the river, they don't speak for me at all the man about the town the beauty queen, the paragon of civilization but shadows cling to us all even those convinced that they're sheltered and immune when will i get mine? or must i be a god-fearing, white american? why should the thieves have all of the fun? selling us water by the river, they don't speak for everyone i'm ready to run and you're making me crawl selling me water by the river, they don't speak for me at all
nakarattaki ton kaymasiyla kendisine baglamis sarki. studyo calismalarinda kaydettikleri bir videosu incubus'un vevo sayfasinda yayinlanmis. iste o video.
en sevdiğim she and him şarkısı. ne zaman dinlesem zooey deschanel'in inanılmaz sesi mideme sancı sokuyor elimde değil. sonra "sometimes lonely isn't sad." sözü umudum oluyor bir nevi.
