madonna'nın erotica albümünün hızlı bir parçası. maddy tarafından tikky bir kıza yazılmıştır. "salak karı aptal numarası yaparak saygı gösterileceğini sanıyor" "sevgilimi sana kaptırmam ulan, hangi bacağını kırmamı istersin?" "kaç yalamaya bu sevgilimi çalarsın*" gibi sözler içerir. çok güzeldir, eğlencelidir. orospu diye başlar.. bitch! you're a thief of hearts and now you'll have to pay how many licks does it take? you're a thief of hearts and now you'll have to pay which leg do you want me to break? you'll be sorry here she comes, little miss thinks she can have what she wants in a blink of an eye here she comes, acts like she's your best friend then you turn your back and she's off with your guy chorus: she's a thief of hearts what will happen to the thief of hearts what she's done is a crime she's a thief of hearts someone please arrest her she's a thief of hearts no one ever takes what's mine and gets away with it not this time here she comes, acting all dejected so you give advice and she gives you her poison here she comes, little miss black widow first she spins her web and she's stealing your boyfriend (chorus) thief of hearts, bitch intermediate: you'll do it, you'll take it you'll screw it, you'll fake it undo it, you'll break it you're over, you can't take it (repeat) you can't take it, not what's mine i could break you, 'cause what you've done is a crime, bitch he's mine here she comes, little miss thinks she can have his child well anybody can do it here she comes, little susie ho-maker thinks she'll get respect if she screws it (chorus) thief of hearts, bitch (intermediate) you can't take it, not what's mine you'll be sorry, 'cause what you've done is a crime she's a thief of hearts thief of hearts, what she's done is a crime she's a thief of hearts thief of hearts, no one ever takes what's mine she's a thief, thief she's a thief, thief of hearts no one ever takes what's mine you're a thief of hearts and now you'll have to pay how many licks does it take? you're a thief of hearts and now you'll have to pay which leg do you want me to break? stop bitch
1984 yılına ait bir suç filmi. scarface filmindeki manolo olarak tanıdığımız steven bauer geceleri zenginlerin evlerini soyan bir hırsız rolünde oynuyor. filmde başarılı bir iç mimar olan partnerini ise uzun zamandır sadece televizyon için çekilen film ve dizilerde oynayan barbara williams canlandırıyor. kendisini bones, flasforward, quarterlife gibi dizilerden anımsayabilirsiniz. eğer seksenli yılların filmlerinin o kendine özgü naif ambiyansından hoşlanıyorsanız bu filme bir şans verebilebilirsiniz. tabi beklentileri biraz düşük tutmak lazım. "indirmekle uğraşamam, hem nereden bulacağım ki?" diyen ve ingilizcesine de güvenen arkadaşlar filmi youtube dan parçalar halinde izleyebilirler. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088256/
güzel bir bon jovi şarkısı. 2004 çıkışlı 100,000,000 bon jovi fans can't be wrong albümünden. you can lock up all the doors, pull up the covers turn out the lights, i'll know where you are, it's alright. you can go ahead and hide, you know you can't keep me out, i'll find my way i'm here to stay, even the cops can't save you now. hey, baby, there's nothing you can do, hey, baby, it's isn't up to you. chorus: i am the thief of hearts, don't hide or try to run, i'll play the part, i'm the thief of hearts, gonna steal love. i am the thief of hearts. you can hold on to your heart, you ain't gonna win, go ahead and draw the blind, i'm still coming in. hey, baby, i'm gonna wear you down, hey, baby, you better listen to me now. chorus: i am the thief of hearts, the shadow on your wall. the whisper in your ear, the footsteps in the hall. i am the thief of hearts, don't hide or try to run, i'll play the part, i'm the thief of hearts, gonna steal love. i am the thief of hearts. hey, baby, there's nothing you can do, hey, baby, you know there ain't no use. chorus: i am the thief of hearts, i'm guilty of the charge. you can throw away the keys, and double up the bars. i am the thief of hearts, don't hide or try to run. i'll play the part, i'm the thief of hearts. gonna steal love. i am the thief of hearts, i am the thief of hearts, i am the thief of hearts... *
