the waterboys un harika bir $arkisi..ayni zamanda gabriel byrne ve richard harris in oynadigi mary mcguckian in yonettigi guzel bir film.ic sava$ sonrasi irlandada ayri mezhepler den olan iki gencin a$kini anlatir..film adini bu $arkidan almi$tir ve filmin butun $arkilari the waterboys a aittir. (bkz: red army blues) (bkz: fisherman s blues)
guzeller guzeli waterboys albumu. diger calismalari daha folky olan waterboys bu albumunde daha modern daha sert tinilara yer verir. hit olmus whole of the moon un yani sira the pan wiithin, old england ve tabii this is the sea gibi hic unutulmayacak defalarca dinlenecek sarkilar bulunmaktadir.
(bkz: this is the tea)
sarkilarin siralamasi soyledir: don't bang the drum the whole of the moon spirit the pan within medicine bow old england be my enemy trumpets this is the sea
samantha morton'un upuzun yün etekler ve boğazlı kazaklarla irlanda ovalarında ve deniz kenarlarında koşuşturduğu etkileyici film..
unutulmaz the waterboys bestesi. sözleri şu şekildedir: these things you keep, you better throw the away turn your back on your soulless days once you were tethered now you are free once you were tethered now you are free that was the river, this is the sea. if you're feelin' weary or you been alone too long or maybe you been sufferin' from a few too many plans that have gone wrong and you're tryin' to remember how fine your life used to be runnin' around banging your drum like it's 1973 well that was the river this is the sea. now you say you got trouble, you say you got pain you say you got nothin' left to believe in nothin' to hold on to, nothin' but chains you been scourin' your conscience and rakin' through your memories you been scourin' your conscience and rakin' through your memories but that was the river, this is the sea. now i can see you wavering as you try to decide you got a war in your head and it's tearin' you up inside you're tryin' to make sense of something that you just don't see you're tryin' to make sense now and you know that you once held the key but that was the river, this is the sea. now i hear there's a train, it's comin' down the line it's yours if you hurry, you got still enough time you don't need no ticket and you don't pay no fee you don't need no ticket and you don't pay no fee that was the river, this is the sea.
kelt müziğini piyano, trompet gibi enstrümanlarla birleştirerek dinlenebilir ve kaliteli bir müziğe imza atan the waterboys'un 1985 tarihli bu albümü döneminin haysiyetli çalışmalarından biridir. don't bang the drum, başarılı single the whole of the moon, old england, temposuyla, vuruşlarıyla dylan klasiği tombstone blues'u andıran be my enemy ve kapanıştaki isim şarkısı albümün önemli şarkılarıdır. 1990 yılında bir bonus cd ile beraber tekrar yayımlanmıştır. bonus cd'de van morrison harikası sweet thing'in güzel bir yorumuna da rastlamak mümkündür. tüm şarkı listesi şöyle: 1. don't bang the drum 2. the whole of the moon 3. spirit 4. the pan within 5. medicine bow 6. old england 7. be my enemy 8. trumpets 9. this is the sea bonus cd: 1. beverly penn 2. sleek white schooner 3. medicine bow (full length) 4. medicine jack 5. high far soon 6. even the trees are dancing 7. towers open fire 8. this is the sea (live) 9. then you hold me 10. spirit (full length) 11. miracle 12. i am not here 13. sweet thing 14. the waves
1997 tarihli, kuzey irlanda'nin bir sahil kasabasinda yasayan ve ulkedeki ic savas sebebi olan ayri dini mezheplere mensup iki gencin ask hikayesinin filmidir. filmin en etkileyici sahnesi hayatinda hic denizi gormemis olan kiza denizi gosteren cocugun "this is the sea" dedigi sahnedir.
