dido'nun life for rent albumunden bir sarki. sozleri asagidaki gibidir. from behind these walls i hear your song oh, sweet words the music that you play lights up my world the sweetest that i’ve heard could it be that i’ve been touched and turned oh lord, please finally…finally things are changing [chorus:] this land is mine but i’ll let you rule i let you navigate and demand just as long as you know…this land is mine so find your home and settle in ohhh, i’m ready to let you in just as long as we know…this land is mine after all the battles and the wars the scars and loss i’m still the queen of my domain and feeling stronger now the walls are down a little more each day since you came, finally…finally things are changing [chorus] follow the days i’ve travelled alone in this cold and colorless place till now it’s what i had to pay [chorus] this land is mine and i let you rule i let you navigate on demand just as long as you know…this land is mine
ninni gibi geliyor bu şarkı bana. böyle saatlerce dinleyip gömüleyim bir koltuğa. yanımda da kahvem olsun...
1960 tarihli otto preminger filmi exodusun ernest gold imzalı müziği. nasıl the godfather theme vokallenip speak softly love olmuşsa, gene nino rota imzalı romeo and juliet a time for us olmuşsa bu da böyledir. andy williams ve connie francis yorumları ve birkaç a cappella yorumu* başta olmak üzere hepsi enfestir. sözleri şöyledir: this land is mine, god gave this land to me this brave and ancient land to me and when the morning sun reveals her hills and plain then i see a land where children can run free so take my hand and walk this land with me and walk this lovely land with me though i am just a man, when you are by my side with the help of god, i know i can be strong though i am just a man, when you are by my side with the help of god, i know i can be strong to make this land our home if i must fight, i'll fight to make this land our own until i die, this land is mine. music written for 1960 film "exodus" by ernest gold, who won an oscar for the score. words added in 1961 by pat "white bucks" boone as "this land is mine." various versions charted in 1961 by ferrante and teicher (#2); mantovani (#31); eddie harris (jazz rendition, #36); pat boone (#64); and edith piaf (#116).
http://vimeo.com/50531435
nina paley tarafindan hazirlanmis animasyonun adi. "kutsal topraklar"in tarihini "kim kimi oldurdu de geldi" fikri uzerinden anlatir. aciklamalariyla birlikte: (bkz: http://blog.ninapaley.com/…10/01/this-land-is-mine/)
mükemmel düşünülmüş bir özet geç animasyonu. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eviyrrjtty
