fight club soundtrack'inde de bulunan, bir dust brothers şarkısı.
rita chiarellinin bir şarkısı.
çok özel 22 şarkıdan oluşan shirley bassey best of albümü... 1 - diamonds are forever 2 - history repeating 3 - big spender 4 - kiss me honey honey (kiss me) 5 - moonraker 6 - something 7 - for all we know 8 - never never never 9 - light my fire 10 - i (who have nothing) 11 - (where do i begin)** love story 12 - as i love you 13 - i'll get by (as long as i have you) 14 - climb ev'ry mountain 15 - as long as he needs me 16 - you'll never know (just how much i love you) 17 - what kind of fool am i 18 - if you go away (ne me quitte pas) 19 - what now my love 20 - goldfinger 21 - the greatest performance of my life 22 - this is my life
and it doesnt get any better than this.. şeklinde devamı caiz söz..
(bkz: this was my life)
fefe dobson'ın sunday love adlı albümünden hoş bir şarkı her ne kadar kendisini hiç tanımasamda i know it's me who always leaves you stranded we are always apart i know you hate this but please don't end it there must be away i wish i could stay when i met you i was barely living i was lost in the dark but with the love that you've been giving i'm back from the dead with you in my head (chorus:) (because) when i look in your eyes i know you understand that good things always seem to slip right through my hands and everything but love is just grains of sand but with you this is my life here with you this is my life this is my life all day long i'm ok while i'm working but it hits me at night when every part of me for you is hurting i go through withdrawals i love you that's all (chorus:) why does it always have to be like this always desperate in a goodbye kiss now i'm back from the dead with you in my head (chorus)
80li yıllardan eartha kitt şarkısı; you, you can walk out the door thinking you won the war but i'm not keeping score me, i am used to the game win or lose it's the same someone lost, what a shame stop thinking you are number one you threw the dice and never won you never had a chance with me, and that's not hard to see each time you played a trick on me i gave in to you happily knowing i had the upper hand, so understand this is my life, what can i do i can do very well without you without your sneer, without your smile without your arms and your awful idea this is my life, what can i do i can do it alright without you this is my life and mine alone and if you leave, i can live on my own this is my life, what can i do (orchestral break) this is my life, what can i do i can do it alright, without you this is my life and mine alone and if you leave, i can live on my own you, think you made a clean break left me for your own sake so you won't feel it again me, i can watch you depart with no piece of my heart with no pain, just a smile i'd love to say i told you so but what's the use, you'll never know how many times i tried in vain to keep away the pain start thinking you are in my past the two of us could never last this love of ours was not planned, so understand this is my life, what can i do i can do very well without you without your smiles, without your sneer without your arms and your awful idea this is my life, what can i do
bir firewater şarkısı. i've never cared for authority i've never felt part of the majority i lost my home i lost my wife this is no joke this is my life new suit of clothes same emperor some people think that they're superior but you can cut them down with a rusty knife this is no joke this is my life i'm just one man what can i do against an army an army made of you time marches on to its drum and fife but this is no joke this is my life
http://hypem.com/track/397262 adresinden bir göz* atılabilecek müziği eğlenceli, lakin içi dolu turşucuk bir firewater parçası.
izlanda'yı eurovision 2008'de temsil edecek parçadır. ritmi kulağa hoş gelmektedir, bu da ilk prova linkidir. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adx6uimdp00
2008 eurovision sarki yarismasindaki en iyi parçalardan biridir kanımca.
içinde kapı zili olan çılgın şarkı. evet,bildiğin kapı zili.
firewater'ın bir gogol bordello olsun bir shantel olsun hatta yer yer goran bregoviç olsun ezgileri taşıyan alabildiğine oynak ve eğlenceli şarkısı.
(bkz: this is your life)
yada it's my life.
sarki (firewater olan) bir sahsiyetli beceriksizlik hikayesi oldugundandir, beceriksizligi anlatmaya en yatkin muzik olan balkan havasi ile eslestiriyoruz kafamizda tum uymayan yonlerine ragmen.
geçen yıl ki eurovision'dan aklımda kalan yegane parça. hızlı temposu ile sabah mahmurluğunu çokca yaşayan bünyeme ilaç gibi gelen bir parçadır ayrıca.
and it's ending one minute at a time. şeklinde devamı gelebilicek söz.
edward maya çalışması. i'm dreaming, i'm dreaming out loud i'm searching the missing part of my heart uuuuu uuuu uuuu,you catch me every time i fall when i look into your eyes i just know you tell me lies this,this is my life i'm looking for you searching love in your eyes this, this my life i'm chasing a dream that fade away in the night can you get to my soul, i'll make you lose the control, i'll be your sun in the night just come here inside i'm playing with you i'm falling for you when i look into your eyes i just know you tell me lies this,this is my life i'm looking for you searching love in your eyes this, this my life i'm chasing a dream that fade away in the night i can't follow dreams forever just to see them fall apart we can change the world if we are together cuz i know i won't let it go when i look into your eyes i just know you tell me lies this,this is my life i'm looking for you searching love in your eyes this, this my life i'm chasing a dream that fade away in the night i start to miss your smile,your voice is all i hear i'm chasing hollow eyes,show me i'm wrong tonight this,this is my life i'm looking for you searching love in your eyes this, this my life i'm chasing a dream that fade away in the nïght
ümidi ve ümitsizlik hissini aynı anda yaşattıran mükemmel bir edward maya şarkısı, radyolarda 2 şarkıda bir çalıyor şu aralar.içinde çok ilginç tınılar da mevcut.
(bkz: this is the life)
anna bergendahl şarkısı. isveç'in 2010 eurovision şarkı yarışması'na armağanıdır aynı zamanda: i go down the beaten track along the river with an empty bank at the end she said to me: “why are you here with the autumn leaves?” ‘cause this is my life, my friend and this is my time to stand ‘cause this is my life, my friend and i can't be no one else i'm done, tipping on my toes strike an iron and attack my soul misty moon, you're gonna see i've got your blues to get on my feet ‘cause this is my life, my friend and this is my time to stand ‘cause this is my life, my friend and i can't be no one else i don't wanna run, i don't wanna fight i don't wanna hide, i just wanna stay free to be me i don't wanna win, i don't wanna lose i don't wanna play, i just wanna remember oh, i'm my name ‘cause this is my life, my friend and this is my time to stand oh, ooh... (‘cause this is my life, my friend) (and this is my time to stand) ‘cause this is my life, my friend and i can't be no one else ‘cause this is my life, my friend and i can't be no one else ‘cause this is my life, my friend
edward maya'nın şarkısı olanını araba kullanırken dinlememek lazım, sürekli bir daha hızlı gitme, durmama, frene basmama, daha fazla gitme, daha da fazla gitme isteği doğuruyor. sonra okulun önündeki kavşağı 80'le yanlaya yanlaya dönünce güvenlik kapıdan girerken sizden korka korka "abi okulun içinde de böyle kullanma olur mu?" demek zorunda kalabiliyor. "abi ya derse geç kaldım ehe mehe..." diyin, şarkıyı değiştirin ve sakin sakin devam edin...
bu yaz, bütün apaçi barları clubları şenlendirecek olan edward maya şaheseri. şarkı güzel, birde bıktırana kadar çalmasalar...
2010 yazına da damga vuracak müthiş bir edward maya şarkısı. o melodi zaten her şeyi açık ediyor.
ilk provalar sonunda sanırım tek beğendiğim şarkı/performans.. oradan oraya koşturan birileri yok.. temiz bir ses var sahnede.. budur diyorum.. go anna diyorum bir de üstüne..
içimdeki kılabırı (!) ortaya çıkaran parça. denildiği gibi, bu sene yazlık mekanların apaçilerle dolu diskolarında bol bol çalacağa benzer. niyeyse o apaçilerle karşılıklı dans etme isteği uyandırıyo bende, öyle de bi melodisi var. biterken; hepimiz apaçiyiz.
firewater 'ın insanın kanını kaynatan, hatta en yüksek desibelde sözlerinin söylenmesine neden olan, kişiyi vandalizme sürükleyebilecek şarkılardan ''some people think that they're superior but you can cut them down with a rusty knife''
bir adet gıcır gıcır shirley bassey güzellii olduğu halde sözlerinin sözlükte olmamasına şaşırdığım; funny how a lonely day, can make a person say: what good is my life funny how a breaking heart, can make me start to say: what good is my life funny how i often seem, to think i'll find never another dream in my life till i look around and see, this great big world is part of me and my life this is my life today, tomorrow, love will come and find me but that's the way that i was born to be this is me this is me this is my life and i don't give a damn for lost emotions i've such a lot of love i've got to give let me live let me live sometime when i feel afraid, i think of what a mess i've made of my life crying over my mistakes, forgetting all the breaks i've had in my life i was put on earth to be, a part of this great world is me and my life guess i'll just add up the score, and count the things i'm grateful for in my life this is my life today, tomorrow, love will come and find me but that's the way that i was born to be this is me this is me this is my life and i don't give a damn for lost emotions i've such a lot of love i've got to give let me live let me live this is my life this is my life this is my life
şu saatlerde dinlenmesi muhteşem olan anna bergendahl şarkısı. açın dinleyin valla.
clubdaki insani efkarlandirmayi basarabilen cok tatli bir edward maya sarkisi. uyandirdigi etki world hold on adli sarkiya benziyor
muhakkak dinlenmesi gereken çok tatlı bir digital dog club mix'i de bulunan edward maya parçası.
firewater şarkısı. oynak bi şarkı gibi gelmişti önce. ama sözlere dikkat edince i lost my wife diyo adam. this is no joke diyo. hala oynatıyo insanı ama bi başka şimdi.
-this is my life +peki where is the chair? -it is a buktum usandım ..
şakası olmayan bir firewater şarkısı. henüz çocukken lady d'arbanville dinlerken yeni yeni, yaşamıştım aynı ters köşeyi. sözlerini anlar olunca değişmişti yüzümdeki tebessüm. bir sohbet sırasında çalındı ilk kulağıma, yarım kulak atmıştım bu eğlenceli şarkıyı cebime. evde çıkınca cebimden rengi belli oldu. "i'm just one man , what can i do against an army.. an army made of you"
