accept'in "i'm a rebel" albümünde yer alan harika parça. thunder and lightning the hot music's growing burns, my head's playing tricks i know it's going, going to my brain get burnt up before the feeling (...) running through my veins flying, dying, crying all night long roll on never stop your moving, feel the night no don't lose it try (...) ready for the spark (...) it's too much, much too much he's the winner, he's the sinner, (...) thunder and lightning, (...) thunder and lightning, stand it if you can squeezing and teasing, touch you deep inside thunder and lightning, feel it in your mind he shows he's plain, (...) back to me (...), all he couldn't be by the way, before (...) (...)
arkanoid'den esinlenmis eski bir arcade oyunudur. kahramaniniz cekik gozlu tombul bir tip olup, tum derdi oyunun introsunda bir ejderha tarafindan kacirilan sevgilisini kurtarmaktir. ilk level'lar tropikal ada temasiyla baslar, tepeden gecen kirmizi bir ucak vardir, onu vurabilirseniz bonus power-up'lar birakir. su alti temasinda bat'niza yapisan gicik ahtapotlar falan vardir. zamaninda epey jetonumu yemistir, eglenceli oyundur... diger jeton canavarlari icin; (bkz: space gun) (bkz: growl) (bkz: snow bros)
gitarda john sykes'ın olduğu 1983 tarihli thin lizzy albümü. grubun son stüdyo albümü dür, bu albüm sonrası thiz lizzy dağılmıştır. kadro: philip lynott - bas+vokal brian downey - davul scott gorham - gitar john sykes - gitar darren wharton - klavye
thin lizzy'nin çok pis heavy metal yaptığı albüm. judas priest'ten aşağı kalır sertlikte bir albüm değildir, john sykes'ın cold sweat şarkısındaki solosu thin lizzy fanları arasında kült olmuştur. şarkı listesi: thunder and lightning this is the one the sun goes down the holy war cold sweat someday she is going to hit back baby please don’t go bad habits heart attack
bosna hersek'in eurovision 2010 şarkısı finale kalması hayal olur. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibmzfwqxv8y
(bkz: munja i gröm)
bir thin lizzy şarkısı. aynı adlı albümden. locked up in the classroom waiting for the fight down to the schoolyard knocking the gate into the alley meet up with the boys waiting for the weekend to make a little noise thunder is strong, lightning is death kicking the girls and it's starting to blast sweeter than the heavens and the fate means stumble but it's saturday night when heavy rock was born like thunder and lightning god damn, it's so exciting it hits you like a hammer god damn it was saturday night i was ready for the dance my girl walked in holding another guys hand he stood six foot six he looked two miles wide i was taking it easy till he took her outside i was madder than hell and fit to burn this guy would break a leg before but now he's got to run standing in the corner giving him a thrill you can keep your lover honey, but he's got to pay the bill well the place started rocking it was saturday night i was dressed to kill i was feeling alright alright in the middle of the night i wasn't ready for a rumble but the mood was right when he got up to leave i stood in his way i said love that's the price you have to pay in the doorway up against the wall when they play a heavy record then i'm gonna have a ball we started to rumble and stumble it is we were rocking and rolling and rolling and tumbling i fumbled and started to win when the greater than wicked then i hit him again i hit him again and i couldn't hit him anymore my head was all black and blue and my jaw was sore sweeter than the heavens and like a frightening stumble it was saturday night when heavy rock was born
