stevie ray vaughan $arkisi. caught up in a whirlwind, can't catch my breath. knee deep in hot water, broke out in cold sweat. can't catch a turtle, in this rat race. feels like i'm losing ground, at a breakneck pace. afraid of my own shadow, in the face of grace. heart full of darkness, spotlight on my face. there was love all around me, but i was looking for revenge. thank god it never found me, would have been the end. walkin' the tight rope, steppin on my friends walkin' the tight rope, was a shame and a sin. walkin' the tight rope, between wrong and right. walkin' the tight rope, both day and night. lookin' back in front of me, in the mirror's grin. through eyes of love i see, i'm really lookin at a friend we've had all our problems, that's the way life is. my heart goes out to others, who are there to make amends. walkin' the tightrope trying to make it right walkin' the tightrope every day and every night walkin' the tightrope bring it all around. walkin' the tightrope from the lost to found. walkin' the tightrope streched around the world. walkin' the tightrope save the boys and girls. walkin' the tightrope let's make it right. walkin' the tightrope do it, do it tonight. walkin the tightrope.
papa roach un infest albümünde hidden track olarak bulunan süper şarkı
(ing.) cambaz ipi.
papa roacha ait bu $arkinin sozleri ise: my words are weapons, in which i murder you with. please don't be scared. please do not turn your head. we are the future, the 21st century dislexik, glue-sniffing, cyber sluts. with homicidal minds and hand-guns. we are insane. nothing will change. we are in-sane. nothing will ch-a-n-ge there is a thin line between what is good and what is evil, i will tip-toe down that line but i will feel unstable, my life is a circus and i am trippin' down the tightrope, well there is nothin' to save me now, so i will not look down. and yeah, and yeah, and yeah and it happens again. and yeah, and yea-hea. there's no beginning, there is no end. there is only change. progression backwards, is this where we are heading? take back your soul, forget your emptyness there is a thin line between what is good and what is evil, i will tip-toe down that line but i will feel unstable. my life is a circus and i am trippin' down the tightrope. well there is nothin' to save me now, i'm falling to the ground! falling to the ground, down to the ground, (again) i speak of maddness, my heart and soul. i cry for people who ain't got control. let's take our sanity, let's take compassion, and be responsible for every action. hell no, no how. no way, no way, no way, no how. no way, no how.
infest albumunde, thrown away sarkisinin sonuna eklenmistir.giri$inde cözümlenemeyen bir intro gibi bir$ey var sanirim..$arkiya gelince..o hüzünlü, gıcık, hasta, sinirli, bezgin ve tükürüklü vokalle birlikte pek ho$ olmu$..* bu $arkiyi tekrar tekrar dinlemek icin her seferinde thrown away i dinlememek icin mp3 audio mixer'i öneriyorum.* acoustica'nınkini.rahatlıyor insan..
second coming albümünden bir stone roses şarkısı. albümün çoğunda olduğu gibi sözleri müziği john squire, hatta geri -çok geri- vokallerde de kendisinin sesini duymak mümkün, kulak kesilince.. perküsyon çok rahatlatıcı, daha eski roses şarkılarını anımsatıyor. you should have been an angel it would have suited you my gold leafed triptych angel she knows just what to do in the half light of morning in our world between the sheets i swear i saw her angel wing my vision was complete and i know i'll never want another lover my sweet can there be more in this world than the joy of just watching you sleep i don't know just what to feel won't someone tell me my love's real are we etched in stone or just scratched in the sand, waiting for the waves to come and reclaim the land will the sun shine all sweetness and light burn us to a cinder our third stone satellite i'm on a tightrope, baby, nine miles high striding through the clouds on my ribbon in the sky i'm on a tightrope baby, one thing i've found, i don't know how to stop but it's a long long long long way down she's all that ever mattered and all that ever will my cup, it runneth over i'll never get my fill the boats in the harbour slip from their chains head for new horizons, let's do the same i'm on a tightrope, baby, nine miles high striding through the clouds on my ribbon in the sky i'm on a tightrope baby, one thing i've found, i don't know how to stop but it's a tightrope, baby, nine miles high striding through the clouds on my ribbon in the sky i'm on a tightrope, baby, one thing i've found, i don't know how to stop but it's a a long long long long way down
muhteşem gitar sololarına sahip bir stevie ray vaughan şarkısı
dark was the night olmasa haberim bile olmayacaktı şu güzellikten. yeasayer sen çok yaşa. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzih8s7ksmo
(bkz: dark was the night) (bkz: yeasayer) so you're wishing that you never did all the embarrasing things you've done and you're wishing you could set it right and you're wishing you could stay tonight but then i go again, wishing never solved the problem if you wanna get it big time, go ahead and get it get it big time ah,ah.. ah,ah.. so you think you can solve all your problems by yourself nevermind nevermind nevermind nevermind and i think i can solve all my problems by myself nevermind, nevermind, nevermind, nevermind ah,ah.. ah,ah.. oh, give it, give it, give it, give it, give it until you just can't give no more
papa roach' un o vasat müziğinin dı$ında olan tek $arkısı.
clint eastwood'un 1984 tarihli filmidir. kendisi resmen yönetmese de don siegel'in yardimi ile film cekilirken pek cok iste sorumluluk almistir.
janelle monae'in gelecek ay çıkacak olan albümü the archandroid'in ilk singılı. outkast'ten destekçisi big boi ile fiçıring yapmış. klibi youtube'da dönüyor. ben çok beğendim. hem şarkı, hem klip acayip eğlenceli. sonraki aylarda şarkının da, albümün de ses getireceğini düşünüyorum. daha doğrusu, istiyorum. bu sefer many moons'tan da çok tutsun, güzel işlerinin devamını getirsin. seviyorum bu kızı ya. klibi şöyle: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwnefuakcbc sözleri de şöyle: monae and leftfoot whoaaa another day i take your pain away some people talk about ya like they know all about ya when you get down they doubt ya and when you dip it on the scene yeah they talkin' bout it cause they can't dip on the scene whatcha talk about it t-t-t-talkin' bout it when you get elevated, they love it or they hate it you dance up on them haters keep getting funky on the scene why they jumpin' round ya they trying to take all your dreams but you can't allow it cause baby whether you're high or low whether you're high or low you gotta tip on the tightrope (tip, tip on it) t-t-t-tip on the tightrope (tip, tip on it) baby, baby, baby whether you're high or low (high or low) baby whether you're high or low (high or low) you got to tip on the tightrope (tip, tip on it) now let me see you do the tightrope (tip, tip on it) and i'm still tippin' on it see i'm not walkin' on it or tryin to run around it this ain't no acrobatics you either follow or you lead, yeah i'm talkin' bout you, i'll keep on blaming the machine, yeah i'm talkin' bout it, t-t-t-talkin' bout it i can't complain about it i gotta keep my balance and just keep dancin on it we gettin funky on the scene yeah you know about it, like a star on the screen watch me tip all on it then baby whether i'm high or low (high or low) baby whether you're high or low (high or low) you gotta tip on the tightrope (tip, tip on it) yeah, tip on the tightrope (tip, tip on it) baby, baby, baby whether you're high or low (high or low) baby whether you're high or low (high or low) tip on the tightrope (tip, tip on it) baby let me see you tight rope (tip, tip on it) and i'm still tippin' on it big boi you gotta keep your balance or you fall into the gap it's a challenge but i manage cause i'm cautious with the strap no damage to your cameras damn i thought that can i passy why you don't want no friction like the back of a matchbook that i pass as i will forward you and your macbook clothes shows will shut you down before we go-go backwards act up, and whether we high or low we gonna get back-up like the dow jones and nasdaq sorta like a thong in an ass crack, come on i tip on alligators and little rattle snakers but i'm another flavor something like a terminator ain't no equivocating i fight for what i believe why you talkin' bout it s-s-she's talkin' bout it some callin me a sinner some callin me a winner i'm callin you to dinner and you know exactly what i mean, yeah i'm talkin bout you you can rock or you can leave watch me tip without you n-n-now whether i'm high or low (high or low) whether i'm high or low (high or low) i'm gonna tip on the tightrope (tip, tip on it) mmmmmm (tip, tip on it) baby, baby, baby whether i'm high or low goblogtainment (high or low) high or low (high or low) i got to tip on the tightrope (tip, tip on it) now baby tip on the tightrope you can't get too high (you can't get too high) i said you can't get too low (we can't get too low) cause you get too high (you can't get too high) no you'll surely be low (no, you'll surely be low) 1, 2, 3, ho! yeah, yeah now shut up, yeah yeah, now put some voodoo on it ladies and gentlemen the funky is on section in the tribalist yeah, oh we call that classy brass ohhhhhhh oh! do you mind? if i play the ukulele just like a little lady do you mind? if i play the ukulele just like a little lady as i play the ukulele if i play my ukulele just like a little ladymonae and leftfoot
gece gece dilime dolanıp hala etkisinde olduğum, papa roach'u daha da çok sevmeme yol açan şarkı.
ilk olarak letterman showda ki harika canlı performansıyla keşfettiğim janelle monae'nin , insanı olduğu yerde zıplatan, içine enerji dolduran güzel şarkısı. özellikle klibi de, dansları da çok eğlenceli olmuş.
b.o.b. ve lupe fiasco ile bir de remixini yapmışlar. fena olmamış, benim hoşuma gitti ama kesinlikle orijinalinin yerini tutamaz tabi. janelle monae'yi rap yaparken de görmüş oluyoruz böylece. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_glpefqmlzi
bir bob seger parçası. like a rock albümünden. sözleri; * saw you walkin' on a backstreet honey tryin' to slip away did you find someone to take your money and did it make your day take a lesson from someone who's been there there are lots of roads that lead you nowhere i can see it in your blank stare baby someone's done you in everybody hits the hard truth some time it's your time again so you're lonesome and the night's approachin' honey this is where the tough get goin' welcome to the tightrope between memory and pain welcome to the tightrope between the freedom and the chain welcome to the tightrope stretched high above the street welcome to the tightrope it's right beneath your feet once you learn to balance truth and sorrow you can worry about the rest tomorrow up there on the tightrope oh it's a tightrope you're walkin' on a tightrope
sözleri, sözlerin şarkı bütününde dağılışı, funk-reggea esintileri dolayısıyla hidden track de olsa fark edilmesi imkansız papa roach şarkısı... neden bilmem ama, kafa içinde yankılandında özgüven aşılıyor; belki de şarkı, 'bir şeyleri bilen' bir adamın ifşa çabası olduğu için...
