venom'un black metal albumunden bi sarki. ayrica sinergy'nin ikinci albumunun ismi.
ayrica gorefestin erase albumunden bir sarki.
venom - to hell and back i have been to hell and back - kissed satanic queen traveling at the speed of light - saw thing never seen arm in arm with lucifer - belial on my back i have swam the lake of flames - walked forbidden tracks to hell - - and back to hell - - and back i've made love to lilleth fair - danced the zombies dance i have shook the reapers hand - broke his deathly trance present at ungodly births - mutants writhe in pain i'm possessed by hell itself - i'm the man insane to hell - - and back to hell - - and back ride with me to hell - - and back you can take a trip with me - hell's my final home if you wish to live at night - watch the demons room holding high the southern cross - watch the mortals bleed drink the blood and feel my wrath - watch the mutants breed to hell - - and back to hell - - and back
gorefest - to hell and back gently you are tying the strings around my neck around my arms around my legs like a flesh marionet and you whisper in a sweet voice to give up my own will so my life will be eternal and of grace as never seen and you want to drain me because you bought yourself a man i'll be free within a single thought because i'm clean of spirit and mind and i am deaf for a serpents speach that is always singing from a twisted mind i'll never ever have a second thought to slap you in the face with the glove that's black because if you want to fight, follow me and i'll fight you to hell and back to hell and back because it's easy to fight a mind that's black twisted minds breed twisted offspring when lies become truth, the truth is black if i was the last, i would walk proudly and i would fight you to hell and back to hell and back
sinergy nin 2000 yılı albümü.gayet gaz bir heavy metal albümüdür.önyargısız dinlenirse çok sevilebilir.
audie murphy'nin hayat hikayesini anlatan otobiyografik film. http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0048729/
sinergy'nin 2. stüdyo albümü. albümdeki şarkı sözlerinin tamamı kimberly goss' a aittir. tracklist: 1. the bitch is back 2. midnight madness 3. lead us to war 4. laid to rest 5. gallowmere 6. return to the fourth world 7. last escape 8. wake up in hell 9. hanging on the telephone 10. invincible (japanese bonus track)
metallica'nın death magnetic için yazdığı ama albüme koymadığı enteresan bir şarkı. cozurt cozurt riffleri vardır. http://youtu.be/er3gyjti5ls
