stratovarius'un episode albumundeki hizli, $ahane sololu super gaz parcasi.
bir james sarkisi.
yarinin ingilizce'si.
bir silverchair parcasi olarak tomorrow : it's twelve o'clock, and it's a wonderful day. i know you hate me, but i'll ask anyway. won't you come with me, to a place in a little town. the only way to get there's to go straight down. there's no bathroom, and there is no sink. the water out of the tap is very, hard to drink, very hard to drink. you, wait til tomorrow you, wait til tomorrow you say that money, isn't everything, but i'd like to see you live without it. you think you can keep on going living like a king. oohh babe, but i strongly doubt it. very hard to drink. you gonna wait til, fat boy, fat boy, wait until tomorrow
clawfingerin 'use your brain' albümündeki son parçası. "how many times will it take before we pull the brakes, will we learn all the past mistakes, that's all about give or take... someday there will be a tomorrow, another day-another vice-another roll of a dice" der ve bitirir olayı zak tell abim.
morrissey'den tomorrow: tomorrow will it really come ? and if it does come will i still be human ? all i ask of you is one thing that you never do would you put your arms around me ? (i won't tell anyone) tomorrow does it have to come ? all i ask of you is one thing that you'll never do would you put your arms around me ? (i won't tell anybody) tomorrow and what must come before ... oh, the pain in my arms oh, the pain in my legs ooh, my shiftless body tomorrow it's surely nearer now ? you don't think i'll make it i never said i wanted to ! well did i ? oh, the pain in my arms oh, the pain in my legs oh, yeah; oh, yeah no, yeah; no, yeah through my shiftless body tomorrow tomorrow all i ask of you ... oh ... is : would you tell me that you love me tell me, tell me that you love me tell me, tell me that you love me tell me that you love me ! ah, i know you don't mean it ah, i know you don't mean it tell me, tell me that you love me tell me, tell me that you love me tell me, oh, tell me, oh tell me, oh, tell me, oh, tell me, oh tell me, oh, tell me, oh
stratovariusunki: staring out the window wondering will i soon know the answers to the questions within where should i begin? delusioned by a clear winter night while trying to find some insight the solution is close at hand yet still so far away i'll turn the tables 'round and find another way i'll leave all this behind and move on today i will take things as they come look out for number one and i'll be back tomorrow feeling strong and brave inside my head up high with pride yes i'll be back tomorrow i'm facing my nightmares again determined that i won't bend the answers are coming to me i'm learning how to believe i know now that this is the way i've found my red-letter day i've been there out on a limb but now i've finally come in i've turn the tables 'round and found another way i've left it all behind for a better day i will take things as they come look out for number one and i'll be back tomorrow feeling strong and brave inside my head up high with pride yes i'll be back tomorrow
james demiş ki: i see you falling how long to go before you hit the ground you keep on screaming don’t you see me here am i a ghost to you now your grip’s too strong can’t catch love with a net or a gun gotta keep faith that your path will change gotta keep faith that your luck will change tomorrow tomorrow why are you phoning what am i to do when you’re miles away you’re always calling from the darkest rooms and we’re both scared now your grip’s to strong can’t catch love with a net or a gun gotta keep faith that your path will change gotta keep faith that your love will change now your grip’s to strong can’t catch love with a net or a gun gotta keep faith that your path will change gotta keep faith that your love will change tomorrow i’m just out of your range tomorrow all your suffering’s in vain tomorrow now your grip’s to strong can’t catch love with a net or a gun gotta keep faith that your path will change gotta keep faith that your love will change tomorrow i got out of your range tomorrow all your suffering seems vain change tomorrow some forgiveness now tomorrow love’s no sacred cow
ali nin soundtrackında filmin sonlarına dogru çalan aşırı gaz ve başarılı bir şarkı
avril lavigne tarafından seslendirilip, takribi 15 dakika boyunca "bu ses... bu ses..." monoloğu ile dumur olmama sebebiyet vermiştir. sözleri aşağıdaki gibidir. and i wanna believe you when you that it'll be okay yeah, i try to believe you but i don't when you say that it's gonna be it always turns out to be a different way i try to believe you not today, today, today, today, today [hep beraber] i don't know how i'll feel tomorrow tomorrow i don't know what to say tomorrow tomorrow is a different day tomorrow its always been up to you its turning around, its up to me i'm gonna do what i have to do just don't give me a little time leave me alone a little while maybe its not too late not today, today, today, today, today oh [hep beraber] i don't know how i'll feel tomorrow tomorrow i don't know what to say tomorrow tomorrow is a different day hey, yeah, yeah hey, yeah, yeah and i know i'm not ready hey, yeah, yeah hey, yeah, yeah maybe tomorrow hey, yeah, yeah hey, yeah, yeah i'm not ready hey, yeah, yeah hey, yeah, yeah maybe tomorrow and i wanna believe you when you tell me that it'll be okay yeah, i try to believe you not today, today, today, today, today tomorrow it may change tomorrow it may change tomorrow it may change tomorrow it may change
çok sağlam bir ozzy osbourne şarkısı,gitar ve vokal inişli çıkışlı mükemmel kullanılmıştır,zakk de coşar ozzy de..
aynı zamanda edguy şarkısı da..
jay jay johanson'un antenna isimli albümünden mükemmel bir parça. elektronik ritimlerle yaylı enstrümanların* mükemmel uyumunu sağlayan parça. dinleyin, dinlettirin, rahatlayın, hüzünlenin, ağlayın..
ozzy babanin onunde ne kadar egilinse azdir dedirten sarki.
(bkz: tomorrow man)
butun sarkilar olur da annie versiyonu olmaz mi? (olur) the sun'll come out tomorrow bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow there'll be sun! just thinkin' about tomorrow clears away the cobwebs, and the sorrow 'til there's none! when i'm stuck a day that's gray, and lonely, i just stick out my chin and grin, and say, oh! the sun'll come out tomorrow so ya gotta hang on 'til tomorrow come what may tomorrow! tomorrow! i love ya tomorrow! you're always a day a way!
"tomorrow i will try to be more positive" temali jay jay johanson calismasi. sevgili gelecektir, tüm acilar sona erecektir. özlenen arkadaslara mektup yazilacak, anneye telefon acilacak, yakinda evde olunacagina söz verilecektir. ama en önemlisi sevgili gelecektir, simdiden burda olmasi dilenir. ama hepsi yarin'dir ve hepsi "hopefully"dir.. malesef..
(bkz: jay jay johanson) tomorrow i will try to be more positive all the troubles that's been hurting me will hopefully be gone tomorrow you consider coming back to me it will honestly be nice to see hope it won't be long and i just can't wait for the turn of my fate come one let's celebrate cause it's gonna be great oh i wish you were already here tomorrow i will write a letter to my friends i will tell them i've been missing them 'speciially when i'm low tomorrow i will make a phonecall to my mum and i promise i will be back home very soon to you and i just can't wait for the turn of my fate come on let's celebrate cause it's gonne be great oh i wish you were already here
the durutti column boyle seyler demis all i wanted was your time all you ever gave me was tomorrow all i wanted was your time all you ever gave me was tomorrow and tomorrow never comes tomorrow never comes tomorrow never comes tomorrow never comes tomorrow never comes people stood in a line with flowers they were only waiting for the moment and i know the feeling so well i've been waiting for you for so long and i know the feeling so well i've been waiting for you for so long and tomorrow never comes tomorrow never comes tomorrow never comes tomorrow never comes tomorrow never comes
(bkz: maybe tomorrow)
yarına yönelik bir çok parçanın arasında birisi var ki, insanı üzerken umutlandırır. jay jay johanson'ın yarını, geçmişine dair üzüntüler içinde kıvranan kişiyi, yarınına yönelik umutlandırır, mutlu eder. dinle, umutlan.
turkler arasında bugunden sonraki zamani tanimlamak icin soylenilen kelimenin ingilizcesi
angel 3. sezonun final* bölümü.
bir sr71 sarkisi. is it any wonder why i'm scared, if i was a little younger would i care, feeling like the walls are growing stronger, i don't know if this cage can hold me any longer you never dreamed you'd have to love your life so guarded, cause they'll find a way to make you feel discarded i'm not afraid of tomorrow, i'm only scared of myself, feels like my insides are on fire, and i'm looking through the eyes of someone else i never thought they'd want me to go even faster, never thought i took my foot off the gas, everybody loves to be in on the pressure, but i know they're all waiting for the crash you never dreamed you'd have to live your life so guarded, cause they'll find a way to make you feel discarded, things have changed you've become a complication, can make it through another days humiliation i'm not afraid of tomorrow, i only scared of myself, feels like my insides are on fire and i'm looking through the eyes of someoneelse someone else... is it any wonder why the answer keeps me petrified , is it any wonder why , i'm scared..
zakk wylde'in gitarı randy rhoads'tan devraldıktan sonra ortaya koyduğu en şahane soloyu attığı şarkıdır. albümü (bkz: ozzmosis) çok fazla dinledikten sonra farkına varmış olmama rağmen tomorrow, bence zakk'in randy'e rahat uyu mesajını verip ozzy fanlarının da gönüllerinde taht kurmasına yol açan en önemli şarkıdır. dinleyin bu şarkıyıı öyle böyle değil...
cok populer bir sarki ismi olmasina ragmen en guzel versiyonu silverchair dan dinlenendir
shania twain'in up isimli albumune 15 numaradan giris yapmis sarki.
29 ekim tarihi itibariyle avustralya billboard zirvesini boyz ii men *'den kurtaran ve 10 aralık tarihine kadar da yerinden kıpırdamayan avustralyalı grup silverchair'in 1994 yılı single'i. yıl sonu listelerinde ise 3. numaraya adını yazdırdı. yerini kapan ise all i wanna do ile sheryl crow.
çok başarılı bir silverchair şarkısı. billboard amerika rock single ları listesinde haftalarca 1 numarada kalmıştır.
jay jay johanson bu şarkısında "yarın daha olumlu bakıcam her şeye, sen gelicen vesaire" diye umut dolu sözler vaatederken, bir yandan da bu sözlere yaptığı ultra hüzünlü vokal melodisiyle de duygularımızı çelişkilere sürüklemektedir..
silverchair şarkısı olan tomorrow'da bariz bir eddie vedder etkilenimi (taklidi dememek için kendimi zor tutuyorum) görülmekte.
(bkz: tomorrow never knows)
1968 yilinda kendi ismilerinde bir album yapip dagilmis olan psychedelic rock yapmis ingiliz grup.
(bkz: hooverphonic) (bkz: no more sweet music) it all comes down to winning but defeat is no shame and why do you loose interest when there’s nothing more to gain because evil attracts but our love will be a fact tomorrow because time is up and so are we but still there’s a chance to avoid defeat tomorrow just a little more effort do try to succeed there’s nothing in live that’s impossible to beat because evil attracts but our love will be a fact tomorrow
cardigansa ait olanı için: someone's thinking of her a fifteen hour trip away life is so much slower than a charter trip delay tomorrow, she won't feel half of this tomorrow morning is a sugar kiss tomorrow, heavenly no sorrow she will lose gravity tomorrow... someone's thinking of the her trough the hazy scenery life is blue as water when you're missing somebody tomorrow, she won't feel half of this tomorrow morning is a sugar kiss tomorrow, heavenly no sorrow she will lose gravity tomorrow...
bi death cab for cutie sarkısı. sözlerını de yazalım tam olsun: believe in me, i m sad and blue left with nothing but a picture third or fourth weekend in june december seems to come too soon will you wait until tomorrow? will you wait until head is swirling with the scene of you and him embraced in rupture dirty trying to come clean but every thought i have is obscene will you wait until tomorrow? will you wait until quilted in our hands and keeping you tucked in too deep struck in the shot of two twenty-four hours in june will you wait until tomorrow?
beady belle'in tomorrow'u this is goodbye no wonder why life will go on tomorrow books will be sealed hearts will be healed we will forget our sorrow this is how we survive how we know we're alive cope with pain of no return this is the end nothing to mend life will go on tomorrow
bazı insanlar ben ölünce arkamdan x şarkıyı çalın derler. işte tam olarak bu iş için bestelenmiş muhteşem beady belle parçasıdır.
herkes tarafından ara ara hatırlanması gereken mefhum. şarkısı da var bunun (bkz: remember tomorrow)
europe versiyonu will you be there beside me if the world falls apart and will all of out moments remain in your heart will you be there to guide me all the way through, i wonder will you walk by my side, and follow my dreams and bear with my pride, as strong as it seems will ou be there tomorrow will you be there beside me as time goes on by and be there to hold me whenever i cry will you be there to guide me all the way through, i wonder will you
sixx am* adlı grubun aynı zamanda saw iv film müzikleri içinde de yer alan parçası. ikinci dakikası otuzuncu saniyesiyle beraber doruğa çıkıyor benden söylemesi. sözleri: where ya gonna be tomorrow? how ya gonna face the sorrow? where ya gonna be when you die? 'cause nothing's gonna last forever and things they change like the weather they're gone in the blink of an eye just look at yourself, can you see where you are? look at yourself, now you can't hide the scars just look at yourself 'cause there's nowhere to go and you know tomorrow you're gonna have to live with the things you say tomorrow you'll have to cross bridges that you burned today tomorrow... and everything you do, it's coming back for you you'll never outrun what waits for you tomorrow. and are you terrified by sadness and have you given into madness you're running out of places to hide 'cause everybody's got a reason to justify how they're feelin' maybe you should open your eyes just look at yourself, do you like what you see? look at yourself, is this how it should be? just look at yourself, 'cause there's nowhere to go and you'll know tomorrow you're gonna have to live with the things you say tomorrow you'll have to cross bridges that you burned today tomorrow... and everything you do, it's coming back for you you'll never outrun what waits for you tomorrow. are you waiting for the reason to change? are you waiting for the end, has it came? nothing's gonna stand in your way... just look at yourself, do you like what you see? look at yourself, is this how it should be? tomorrow you're gonna have to live with the things you say tomorrow you'll have to cross bridges that you burned today tomorrow... and everything you do, it's coming back for you you'll never outrun what waits for you tomorrow.
ladytronun yeni çıkan albumu velociferonun gözbebegi, sözler : i don't hate you, or want you enough to wake you. there's a crack in the window return off the key in ignition so if you freeze tomorrow come back lucky we saw that your eyes were closing there's a crack in the window return off the key in ignition. but i don't hate you, or want you, or celebrate you so if you freeze tomorrow come back lucky we saw that your eyes were closing so if you freeze tomorrow come back lucky we saw that your eyes were closing but i don't hate you, or want you, enough to wake you so if you freeze tomorrow come back lucky we saw that your eyes were closing so if you freeze tomorrow come back lucky we saw that your eyes were closing x5 so if you freeze tomorrow come back lucky
def leppard' ın songs from the sparkle lounge isimli son albümünden bir parçadır, ayrıca yarın porogramda çalıcak bu. buyurun bu da sözleri olsun* i'm here to testify i can't remember why complete or justify my situation. i don't remember when and i can only half pretend, a case of now and then, i just need someone. no solution, there's a saner revolution there's no better way but there's the only way, lead the way. i wanna break down, i'm gonna shake down i just discovered, i can't wait until tomorrow comes. i wanna take a ride, i wanna kiss the sky i just found out, i can't wait until tomorrow comes. spoke out on compromise, just the ego telling lies. confides and then defies, in case you're waiting. guess that it's a time for change remain but change the name. this game is where to aim. i hear the charge, boy. no solution, there's a saner revolution there's no better way, but there's the only way, lead the way. i wanna break down, i'm gonna shake down i just discovered i can't wait until tomorrow comes i wanna take a ride, i wanna kiss the sky i just found out i can't wait until tomorrow comes. it's liberating, but when it rains it pours, degenerating, aint gonna fight no more. i wanna break down, i'm gonna shake down i just found out, i can't wait until tomorrow comes. i wanna break down, i'm gonna shake down i just discovered, i can't wait until tomorrow comes. i wanna take a ride, i wanna kiss the sky i just found out, i can't wait until tomorrow comes.
my white bicycle isimli şarkısı dinlenesi grup. ayrıca strawberry fields forever'ı coverlayıp bu hususta eksik kalmamışlardır.
espers'in the durutti column'ın bu şarkısı üzerine yaptığı cover da çok çok güzel. the weed tree adlı albümlerinde yer alıyor.
salif keita'nın muhteşem şarkısı, sözleri ise aşağı yukarı şöyle: tomorrow, only tomorrow sajo jon te i fe, ousmane ko ka bi fe ka bi fe koniete ka le te sigi sajo jon te i fe malienw ko ko u bi fe ko u bi fe ko ni e te ko ulu te sigi mogo ma taa folo kanaa saya ma son nene ma an sayakera nene balidi tomorrow, only tomorrow sajo see you tomorrow sajo jon te i fe fatoumata ko o ka bi fe ka bi fe kono ete ka le te sigi sajo jon te i fe bâoumou ko ka bi fe ka bi fe ko ni ete ka le te sigi mogomataa folo kanaa say mason nenema an mogo mataa folo kanaa saya mason nenema an saya kera nenebali ye tomorrow see you tomorrow, sajo see you tomorrow
son derece sakin bir beady belle şarkısı, aynı zamanda iç burkan** ama dinlemeye doyulamayan şarkı.
james in yarını. her dinleyişimde içime biri nane üflemiş gibi oluyorum. bir bu birde the verve'ün lucky man'i. ikisini de loopa alıp adalara yüzerim geri gelirim 1000 km araba kullanırım uyumadan gibi bir enerji doluyor içcağızıma.
salif keita'nın en çok bilinen şarkısı. nothing else matters metallica'cısı iseniz sabah akşam tomorrow dinleyin. salif keita'nın and justice for all'u nedir derseniz 2005 çıkışlı m'bemba albümü derim huzurlarınızdan ayrılırım.
salif keita'nın şarkısının bir diğer ismi saido'dur.
ozzy osbourne'un şarkısı olan tomorrow dünyanın en güzel heavy metal chorus rifflerinden birine sahiptir ayrıca bu şarkının zakk wylde'ın en güzel sololarından birini barındırdığını söylemek elzem olacaktır..
morrissey'in 1992'de çıkan your arsenal albümünün son parçası. şarkı o yıl billboard hot modern rock tracks listesinde bir numara olmuştur. özellikle ''would you put your arms around me, i won't tell anyone.'' demeyi çok sevdiğim şarkının; morrissey'in bildiğin taş gibi olduğu güzel bir video klibi vardır. klibi:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vddqcfz6pbo
(bkz: #23932213)
the cranberries'in sonbaharda çıkaracağı 15 parçalı roses albümünden bir parça. the cranberries sitesinde bu parçanın bir bölümünü yayımlamıştır.
tespitlerime göre, türk halkının ingilizce konuşması esnasında sık sık yesterday kelimesi ile karıştırdığı zaman ifadesi.
two spot gobi'nin the sun will rise albümünden, jason mraz'la birlikte söylediği hoş şarkı. tam mraz'a ait notalarda olduğu için onun şarkılarından birini dinliyormuş gibi oluyorsunuz zaten. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7agw06zpytm i tried not to speak my mind it’s better locked inside but this is hard to bare black and white we seem to be but red is all i see when you’re this close to me tell me what you say and we have given too much time and have come too far together to let all this past us by but as the night falls i know days will be better i close my eyes and i know that the sun will rise and you will not matter always and i know that the sun will rise and you will not matter tomorrow, tomorrow i have glazed up to the sky and followed silver birds that fly above my head traveled many corners and discover stories some are still left unsaid and i’ve tasted many colours in the rainbow of this world as i try unplug the progress of this changing universe but as the night falls i know days will be brighter i close my eyes and i know that the sun will rise and you will not matter always and i know that the sun will rise and you will not matter tomorrow, tomorrow tomorrow brings a brand new day and i will reinvent the way i look at you and if the world spins round i know that they’ll be on our side we will skate on frozen rivers to escape the hidden tides but as the night falls i know days will be better i close my eyes and i know that the sun will rise and you will not matter always and i know that the sun will rise and you will not matter tomorrow, tomorrow so look up, don’t look down raise your head, turn around see the faces you know they’re all looking for you think that you can’t make a change well you can and you will, you will so look up, don’t look down raise your head, turn around see the people you know they’re all looking for you think that you can’t make a change well you can and you will and you will you will.. i close my eyes and i know that the sun will rise and you will not matter always and i know that the sun will rise and you will not matter tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow..
salif keita'nın ali filminde kullanılan şarkısı. hem gaza getiren hem de hüzünlendiren garip bir müziği var.
tim booth'un intiharın eşiğindeki bir arkadaşından hareketle bestelediği şarkı. creed'in one last breath'inin öykündüğü şeye tastamam 180 derece tersinden bir bakış. çok olumludur bu çok.
the cranberries'in şu sıralar eksende dönen yeni parçasının adı. sözleri şöyle: i think that you're mad you spend a long time in your head i know that you're mad you spend a long time in your head if you could come away with me you could come away with me if you only had some faith in me tomorrow could be too late i wish i could change the day tomorrow could be too late if only you had some faith too young, too proud, too foolish too young, too proud, too foolish you ask a lot of questions you have too much time on your hands to hell with conclusions why should we make so many plans? so you should come away with me you should come away with me you should have some faith in me tomorrow could be too late i wish i could change the date tomorrow could be too late if only you had some faith too young, too proud, too foolish foolish too young, too proud, too foolish so great i wish i could change the date tomorrow could be so great if only you had some faith tomorrow could be so great i wish i could change the date tomorrow could be so great if only you had some faith
sandbox toplamasından mükemmel bir mark sandman şarkısı. sözleri: tomorrow is here today, it's never gonna go away today, tomorrow is here, what happens next has never been so clear we pack fast in the back, we get us good traction forward motion is enough satisfaction at last you're waiting, waiting, waiting,around for something to happen you're waiting, waiting, you're waiting around for something to happen no! i wake up when i hear the air force flying low landing in formation on my flow i wake up and i set my watch that never moves this is what the world's been waiting for tomorrow is here at last does this mean time can never run out? no! i wanna tell you about a ghost that springs leaks from the future of backwards trends like a belt in thrown away when the cymbals flash tomorrow, tomorrow, is here at last we're back in the past, in the back, it gets good traction forward motion is enough satisfaction at last you're waiting, waiting, waiting around for something to happen you're waiting, waiting, waiting, for something to happen no!
güzel emiliana torrini şarkısı. tomorrow tomorrow never comes what kind of a fool do they take me for? tomorrow a resting place for bums a trap set in the slums but i know the score i won't take no for an answer i was born to be a dancer now, yeah! tomorrow tomorrow, as they say another working day and another chore tomorrow an awful price to pay i gave up yesterday but they still want more they are bound to compare me to fred astaire when i'm done yeah anyone who feels the rhythm movin' through em knows it's gonna do em good to let the music burst out when you feel assured let the people know it let the laughter loose until your scream becomes a love-shout, ah, yeah tomorrow tomorrow's far away tomorrow, as they say, is reserved for dreams tomorrow tomorrow's looking grey a playground always locked trains no winning teams won't take no for an answer i was born to be a dancer now, yeah anyone who feels the rhythm through em knows it's gonna do em good to let the music burst out when you feel assured let the people know it. let your laughter loose until your scream becomes a love shout aaaaah
the cranberries'in 14 şubatta çıkacak olan roses isimli 6. albümünün çıkış parçası. akustik kaydı; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8eiqzrqosi
orijinali ayrı güzel, akustiği ayrı güzel the cranberries şarkısı, herşeyiyle tam bir the cranberries şarkısı. özlemişiz.
akustik versiyonunda dolores'in wuuuuuhuuuuuu demesiyle bir kış sabahı pencereyi açmışsın da içeriye buz gibi izlanda üzerinden gelen taze bir rüzgar giriyormuş hissi veren parça. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nmfczfhyda
"yes i fear tomorrow i'll be crying" (bkz: epitaph)
jjj'in puslu şarkılarından birisi. bu sözleri böyle bir müzikle birleştirdiği için seviyorum işte bu adamı. hep bir şeyler havada...
ice cube'un raw footage albümünden bir şarkı.
sözleri de şu şekildedir; all hail to the west coast, ı am the grand wizard the west coast warlord and the future is today 'cause tomorrow that shit never come ı worry 'bout today and this urban decay ı worry 'bout hip-hop, when did it flip-flop? get whack and turn into gridlock ı don't know, is it a government plot? ı don't give a fuck whether you love it or not that's all we got and if you throw it away you dumb as oj, off a for-tay ın your ızod, this the rap god what'chu gon' put up in your ipod? downloader, what'chu gon' do when your favorite mc got to sue you? 'cause he got to eat, ain't nothin' taboo get your ass beat by erykah badu 'cause you wanna steal this good music put me out of business, now you lose it tomorrow, don't you worry 'bout tomorrow that shit never come this is very hard to swallow get your ass up, man keep your hand up on that throttle you better ride all day, ride all night don't you worry 'bout tomorrow tomorrow, ı'ma handle my business but today, ı'ma drink this liquor 'cause tomorrow ı might be a little quicker but today ı'm just the same old nigga you know that shit is still a day away do yo' thang baby, put your life on layaway 'cause everybody is nostradamus boy, don't you know that tomorrow ain't promised? to all the lil' mamas don't do a nigga like ısiah thomas ıf you a bitch, please be honest actin' like a hoe, you're not an angel while you're daydreamin 'bout your future motherfucker come around the corner and shoot you don'tcha get stuck in neutral put your shit in drive, while you still alive 'cause tomorrow, don't you worry 'bout tomorrow that shit never come this is very hard to swallow get your ass up, man keep your hand up on that throttle ı'ma ride all day, ride all night don't you worry 'bout tomorrow tomorrow, that shit never come ı know it sounds strange but today is never done ı'm up in the range when the clock strikes one while y'all countin sheep, ı'm countin' benja-mons up on my feet at the break of the sun president of the gangster nation we don't go to war, we go to the store we rob from the rich and give to the poor hip-hop, oh what a bore lettin' college motherfuckers run the front door fuck that, let's take it back to the streets don't let viacom dictate the heat the nerve of them, ı never heard of them askin' me about my urban spins and if ı got about a thousand of them ı'm a great mc accordin' to them, fuck that tomorrow, don't you worry 'bout tomorrow that shit never come this is very hard to swallow get your ass up, man keep your hand up on that throttle we're gon' ride all night, ride all night don't you worry 'bout tomorrow (all hail to the west coast, ı am the grand wizard) this is very hard to swallow (the west coast warlord, the future is today) keep your hand up on that throttle (get your grind on, mayne, get your grind on, mayne) (get your grind on) don't you worry 'bout tomorrow
