black sabbathin 1992 yili dehumanizer albumunde yer alir. soon it's never more when you've got to pay for promises - made in the night call the magic one and with the magic comes forever chained to the flame it's too late too late for tears too late and no one hears you do you feel a touch of evil (then) it's too late to wish and make it so to feel the power growing stronger - blessed by the dark and when the candle fades you can say it was a joke you played so you must let me go - no it's too late you've said the word too late something heard you too late - now the race is on and you're run out of road too late for tears too late and no one hears you can you feel the touch of evil it's too late oh oh oh save me i believe in your name oh oh i've fallen down but now i've found nobody to take the blame misery it's come to drag me away and when the hunter cries no alibis get ready for judgement day as the candle fades you can say it was a game you made so you must let me go, let me go it's too late - you've said the word too late - something heard you too late - the spell is gone and this time you're the fool it's too late for tears too late and no one hears you welcome to forever welcome it's too late too late
bir davranısı, tolere edilen süreden sonra yaptıgınız taktirde karsılasabileceginiz ve muhtemelen icinize oturacak "cok gec"in ing.ce versiyonu.(tabi söylenilen kisi yerine söyleyen kisi haline gelmenizle durum degisir...büyük bir ihtimalle bu lafı söyledikten sonra kendinizi daha iyi hissedersiniz)
kesinlikle black sabbath klasiklerindendir. bi insanın son noktada hissettiklerini anlatır, sürükler götürür..
bi de def leppardın söylediği too late vardır ki insanı derinden etkiler. somewhere in the distance i hear the bells ring darkness settles on the town as the children start to sing the lady 'cross the street she shuts out the night there's a cast of thousands waiting as she turns out the light but it's too late, too late, too late too late for love too late, too late, too late, too late london boys are gazing as the girls go hand in hand with a pocket full of innocence, their entrance is grand and the queen of the dream stands before them all she stretches out her hand as the curtains start to fall but it's too late, too late, too late too late for love too late, too late, it's too late too late oh yeah! standin' by the trapdoor aware of me and you are the actor and the clown their waiting for their cue and there's a lady over there she's acting pretty cool but when it comes to playing life she always plays the fool but it's too late, too late, it's too late too late to love too late, it's too late, too late too late
(bkz: argadini)
bir de asia grubunun astra albümündeki şarkılarından biridir. ayrıca grubun aurora adındaki japonyada çıkan epsinde de yer alır bu şarkı.. sözleri de şu şekilde oluyor : i say, no way you've gone and stepped across that fine line i cried, you lied i tried, maybe a thousand times before i can't take no more -chorus- too late you let the sun go down too late you changed direction too late for you to turn around we tried everything move on, so long two side to every story you told, good nights bad days, time to go out separate ways i can't say no more (chorus)
(bkz: too late marlene)
kanımca black sabbath’ın en iyi parçası. candlemass ve dolayısıyla da tüm doom metalin nereden doğduğunu görmek için, bu parçaya bakmak yeterli sanırım.
(bkz: it s too late)
ağlatan black sabbath ballad'ı. introsu, solosu, sözleri.. herşeyin bittiği ve acı da olsa geç kalındığının anlaşıldığı an.
no doubt grubunun 2000 yılında çıkardığı return of saturn adlı albümündeki en güzel şarkıdır belki de. albümün bir yerlerinde çok ama çok tatlı bir enstrümental versyonu gizlidir.
place vendome şarkısı. albümde yeralan üçüncü şarkı. the more they laugh the more i cry the more i’m contemplating the more i see right through those lies - ooh the more we love the more i hurt the more i’m understanding there must be something more to this life so i look to the future - but it’s too late to learn when the chances are passing us by so much to know, so hard to find we suffer the consequences and never get another try it’s too late and it’s gone like a second in time another wrong won’t make it right we’re always pulling punches but never stopped to wonder why yes, the moment is gone but it’s not too late for goodbyes – tears in your eyes the more i can the more i will the “more” is so demanding the more i try is like falling uphill fly to the sun, answer to none finding the reasons on the run so many stones still left unturned – yeah so i look to the future but it’s too late to learn when the chances are passing us by so much to know, so hard to find we suffer the consequences and never get another try it’s too late and it’s gone like a second in time another wrong won’t make it right we’re always pulling punches but never stopped to wonder why yes, the moment is gone but it’s not too late for goodbyes there’s a lesson to learn so don’t let yourself burn there’s a reason to be all that you wanted to be and keeping the pace with the masses and crowds won’t help you to know what this worlds all about it’s not too late to find your place in this life but it’s too late to learn when the chances are passing us by so much to know, so hard to find we suffer the consequences and never get another try it’s too late and it’s gone like a second in time another wrong won’t make it right we’re always pulling punches but never stopped to wonder why yes, the moment is gone but it’s not too late for goodbyes – tears in your eyes
ronnie james dio'nun ne kadar aşmış bir vokal olduğunun anlaşılacağı şarkılardan biridir, dehumanizer'ın da master of insanity ile birlikte en iyi şarkısıdır kesinlikle.
(bkz: you never can tell with friends)
journey'in evolution albümünde yer alan muthiş şarkısı.
(bkz: james blunt) (bkz: billy)
janita'nin seasons of life albumunden sakince ve guzelce bir sarki. i always want what i can't have i always hurt the ones i love is it too late to realize that i love you? my face turns ugly in your eyes and i can't blame you if i tried it is so late to realize that i love you the more i try, the more you turn away the more i cry, the more you wanna leave i know i will not die, i won't die from love i only wish i would funny how things are turned around cause i'm the one who let you down and now i'm the one to cry cause i lost you the more i try, the more you turn away the more i cry, the more you wanna leave i know i will not die, i won't die from love i only wish i would have i lost you? did i lose you? have i lost you? the more i try, the more you turn away the more i cry, the more you wanna leave i know i will not die, i won't die from love i only wish i would i guess it's true what they said the bad guy gets it in the end
return of saturn albumunde bulunan bir no doubt sarkisi. i just want to take you away from everyone and keep you stashed under my pillow and then i'd take you out simply for my own pleasure and only when the occasions special then i'd put you on like a diamond so i can sparkle and be the envy of my friends i'd proudly hold the leash that i'd have you on so you can't stray and follow me around all day it's too late now i don't think it can fade it's too real now fulfillment just adds fuel to the blaze compulsion has stained me i'm nervously cradling our young love without known limits love like a butterfly cupped in my hands i peek in to see beauty trapped confined it flutters then it leaves behind colorful dust to remind me of the special times we've spent but of course it has to leave my clutch but enough is never enough to make a dent it's too late now i don't think it can fade it's too real now fulfillment just adds fuel to the blaze and in time it will end and there really isn't hope for the two of us but right now i give in it's too late now i don't think it can fade it's too real now fulfillment just adds fuel to the blaze fulfillment just adds fuel to the fulfillment just adds fuel to the blaze
the alan parsons project'in 1987 tarihli gaudi adlı albümünde yer alan parça. sözleri; when you were standing in the rain i gave you shelter when i was knocking on your door you gave me none well i dont make that kind of deal with anybody and i wont be that kind of fool for anyone how do you feel when the tables have been turned? what will you do now the bridges have been burned? cause its too late now the magics lost too late now the spell is broken too late now to count the cost of words that should remain unspoken when i need you by my side you stand above me and when i look into yuor eyes you turn away well if thats the best there is then i wont buy it well if thats the only game then i wont play how many danger signs did you ignore? how many times have you heard it all before? cause its too late now the magics lost too late now the spell is broken too late now to count the cost of words that should remain unspoken
birjames bluntşarkısı billy's leaving today, don't know where he was going holds his head in disgrace, he can't escape the truth he knows the price that he's paid, he admits that it's too late to admit that he's afraid tomorrow comes, sorrow becomes his soul mate the damage is done, the prodigal son is too late all the door's closed, but he's always open 'til he'll have time in his mind, oh billy billy's leaving today, don't know where he was going he's got lines on his face they tell a story of his pain he accepts it's his fate, he admits it took too long to admit that he was wrong tomorrow comes, sorrow becomes his soul mate the damage is done, the prodigal son is too late all the door's closed, but he's always open 'til he'll have time in his mind, oh billy once he was a lover sleeping with another, now he's just known as a cheat and he wished he had a mirror looked a little clearer seen to the eyes of the weak yeah, once he was a lover sleepin' with another, now he's just known as a cheat and he wished he had a mirror looked a little clearer seen to the eyes of the weak yeah, once he was a lover sleepin' with another, now he's just known as a cheat and he wished he had a mirror looked a little clearer seen to the eyes of the weak tomorrow comes, sorrow becomes his soul mate the damage is done, the prodigal son is too late (too late) all the door's closed, but he's always open 'til he'll have time in his mind, oh billy
the ballad of the fallen'den bir parça. charlie haden'dan lirik bir atı alan üsküdar'ı geçti masalı...
(bkz: too late too late)
james blunt şarkısı. nam-ı diğer (bkz: oh billy) sözlerini de yazıyım tam olsun. billy's leaving today, don't know where he was going holds his head in disgrace, he can't escape the truth he knows the price that he's paid, he admits that it's too late to admit that he's afraid tomorrow comes, sorrow becomes his soul mate the damage is done, the prodigal son is too late all the door's closed, but he's always open 'til he'll have time in his mind, oh billy billy's leaving today, don't know where he was going he's got lines on his face they tell a story of his pain he accepts it's his fate, he admits it took too long to admit that he was wrong tomorrow comes, sorrow becomes his soul mate the damage is done, the prodigal son is too late all the door's closed, but he's always open 'til he'll have time in his mind, oh billy once he was a lover sleeping with another, now he's just known as a cheat and he wished he had a mirror looked a little clearer seen to the eyes of the weak yeah, once he was a lover sleepin' with another, now he's just known as a cheat and he wished he had a mirror looked a little clearer seen to the eyes of the weak tomorrow comes, sorrow becomes his soul mate the damage is done, the prodigal son is too late (too late) all the door's closed, but he's always open 'til he'll have time in his mind, oh billy oh billy
bir italyan saat markasi. su gecirmez, şirin, bi suru renkte saati olan firma. hem ucuz hem guzel. hem de şişe icinde geliyor saatler...
(bkz: sibel tuzun)
plastik saat ve cüzdan üreten bir italyan markası. saatler plastik fakat şirin ve kullanışlı. içinde geldiği cam kavanoz kendinden de sevimli. saatlerin fiyatı yurt dışında $24 civarı, türkiye'de ise 40 lira gibi bir fiyata satılıyor. web sitesi: http://www.too2late.com/
artık cüzdanı da olan italyan marka. cüzdanının içindeki "condom" yazan kısma kaç kişi gercekten condom koyacak merak etmiyor değilim...
sibel tüzün'ün bu adla bilinen 1995 yapımı şarkısı için (bkz: anca beraber)
dead by sunrise'ın out of ashes albümünde yer alan şarkı. it's cold and dark i think i'm going insane the end is coming - it's true i'm all alone and i'm screaming your name it seems that's all i can do but it's too late to turn back now it's too loud to hear the sound i'm so lost, i can not breathe out it's too late to turn back now it's hard to focus when your life is a blur it's hard to see the truth how can i move on when there's so much to learn and every road comes back to you but it's too late to turn back now it's too loud to hear the sound i'm so lost, i can not breathe out it's too late to turn back now
sevgililer günün de hediye alınması üzere, ilk bakışta hiçbir atraksyonu olmamasından dolayı, kimdir nedir diye araştırılan saat. efendim bunun her rengi varmış ama şirin sevgilim bana açık mavisini layık görmüş. fakat ben kendime siyahını isterdim. çok fazla sevinemediğim, sakız otomatından çıkan plastik gibi duran hediye malesef. ama sevgili düşünmüş, aramış bulmuş, moda olduğuna inanıp almış ya, bu yeter. yerim onu. edit: tabii ki tekbaşına gelmemiştir bu hediye..
bu cümlenin en içe işleyeni freddie mercury tarafından bohemian rhapsody'de telaffuz edilmiştir.
t-boxta yanılmıyor isem 20 tl gibi bir fiyata çok çok benzeri satılan,pek bir şirin,şeker gibi saat.
dead by sunrise grubuna ait olanı tekrar tekrar dinlenesi, son zamanlarda dinlediğim en iyi şarkılardan. özellikle nakarat kısmında bir incubus tadı yakalamak mümkün. "too late" konseptli şarkıları sevmişimdir zaten hep. evet, sibel tüzün'ün şarkısı dahil.
sözleri aşağıdaki gibi olan bir ashes divide parçası. if i could separate me from myself, i'd stay away from me. if you decide i'm wrong, and you can wait that long, maybe it's not too late. i will not loose you to the melting sky or to the mad parade to the bloody jaws or the fire fall don't be afraid. you need never know, a cold heart, heart of stone or lonely memory, you will never be alone if i could separate me from myself, i'd stay away from me. if you decide i'm wrong, and you can wait that long, maybe it's not too late. i will not loose you to a world that doesn't care to the monsters that would have you. never surrender you, i always will be there i will be there to wrap myself around you i will not loose you to the dark or to the nights to the terrible machine never let you loose your light if i could separate me from myself, i'd stay away from me. but if you decide i'm wrong, and you can wait that long, don't fall away from me. don't pull away... if i could separate me from myself, i'd stay away from me. but if you think i belong, stay and keep me strong, maybe it's not too late.
tüm geç kalmışlıklara ithaf edilebilecek, iç acıtan def leppard şarkısı.
no doubt'ın belki de en sevdiğim şarkısı. single olarak çıkmamış olmasına hep çok şaşırmışımdır. içinde bulunduğu albüm olan return of saturn'ün sonunda piyanolu enstrümentâl bir hâli vardır bir de, ki o hâli de çok çok güzeldir. sözleri de şöyle ki: i just want to take you away from everyone and keep you stashed under my pillow and then i'd take you out simply for my own pleasure and only when the occasions special then i'd put you on like a diamond so i can sparkle and be the envy of my friends i'd proudly hold the leash that i'd have you on so you can't stray and follow me around all day it's too late now i don't think it can fade it's too real now fulfillment just adds fuel to the blaze compulsion has stained me i'm nervously cradling our young love without known limits love like a butterfly cupped in my hands i peek in to see beauty trapped confined it flutters then it leaves behind colorful dust to remind me of the special times we've spent but of course it has to leave my clutch but enough is never enough to make a dent it's too late now i don't think it can fade it's too real now fulfillment just adds fuel to the blaze and in time it will end and there really isn't hope for the two of us but right now i give in it's too late now i don't think it can fade it's too real now fulfillment just adds fuel to the blaze fulfillment just adds fuel to the fulfillment just adds fuel to the blaze
aynı zamanda jennifer lopez'in on the 6 albümünden pek bilinmedik bir şarkısı. güzeldir, severim. "gave me time and diamond rings, but something else was missing. you never stayed the whole night through, i suffered, prayed and cried for you." sözleriyle love don't cost a thing'in habercisi gibidir. sözleri de şöyle ki: first you say that you have to go away i never should have been with you anyway now you say you want to stay it's too late, 'cause i'm sending you on your way you say that you have to go away i never really loved you anyway now you say you want to stay it's too late, it's too late like a puppet on a string you came and took control of me would've given anything to be your one and only filled my head with fantasies of what one day you'd give to me full of hope for what could be (i sat and waited patiently) first you say that you have to go away i never should have been with you anyway now you say you want to stay it's too late, 'cause i'm sending you on your way you say that you have to go away i never really loved you anyway now you say you want to stay it's too late, it's too late for a time you were for me everything that i could need gave me time and diamond rings but something else was missing you never stayed the whole night through i suffered, prayed and cried for you after all that we've been through i feel i never even knew you first you say that you have to go away i never should have been with you anyway now you say you want to stay it's too late, 'cause i'm sending you on your way you say that you have to go away i never really loved you anyway now you say you want to stay it's too late, it's too late there's no need to call me on the phone i don't wanna hear from you no more no need, don't call don't be a fool and stand outside my door 'cause being the woman that i am i got to go on with other plans first you say that you have to go away i never should have been with you anyway now you say you want to stay it's too late, 'cause i'm sending you on your way you say that you have to go away i never really loved you anyway now you say you want to stay it's too late, it's too late first you say that you have to go away i never should have been with you anyway now you say you want to stay it's too late, 'cause i'm sending you on your way you say that you have to go away i never really loved you anyway now you say you want to stay it's too late, it's too late first you say that you have to go away i never should have been with you anyway now you say you want to stay it's too late, 'cause i'm sending you on your way you say that you have to go away i never really loved you anyway now you say you want to stay it's too late, it's too late
aynı zamanda bir kingdom come şarkısıdır. you're the one, who hides behind your own disguise you think one of you belongs in every home i'm the one you blinded, when we were alone you can't see it's just for you i sing this song even though you're crying now, you don't know why it's obvious, the harmony is already gone can't go back, we're wasting time the deed is done see you later, i don't need you hanging on too late, i know your name we just have lost the spark you played, heavyweight much too late, there is no more time, you know you're not so precious, that i can't let go constantly assuring me that i'm the one while you telling others what a fool i am now you finally figuered out, that you were wrong can't undo the scars, but now the pain is gone the well is dry, time to say good bye you did me wrong, thought i play along i want out, now, cause you're not what i need get away, get away, no one like you is gonna make me bleed the fire is gone, we've lost the spark now i know your name
