marillion - clutching at straws - 08 lyrics: dick** music: dick/kelly/mosley/rothery/trewavas read some kerouac and it put me on the tracks to burn a little brighter now something about roman candles fizzing out, shine a little light on me now found a strange fascination with a liquid fixation, alcohol can thrill me now it's getting late in the game to show any pride or shame i just burn a little brighter now, burn a little brighter now doctor says my liver looks like leaving with my lover, need another time-out now like any sort of hero turning down to zero still standing out in any crowd pulling seventeen with experience and dreams, sweating out a happy hour where you're hiding 29 you know it ain't a crime to burn a little brighter now, burn a little brighter now dr. finlay: "and my advice is if you maintain this lifestyle you won't reach 30" torch: "christ - it's a romantic way to go really, it's part of the heritage, it's your round i'n'it?" we burn a little brighter now read some kerouac and it put me on the tracks to burn a little brighter now it was something about roman candles fizzing out, shine a little light on me now found a strange fascination with a liquid fixation, alcohol thrill me now getting late in the game to show any pride or shame burn a little brighter now, we burn a little brighter now we burn a little brighter now
william orbit'in ilk grubu. 80'lerin basinda bir trio olarak ortalarda gozuktuler. 1990'larin ortasinda kisa bir reunion yaptilar. toward the unknown region isimli wea etiketli bir ambient album kaydettiler birlikte. orbit'in diger kendi projeleri gibi biraz zayif, ama gumbo ya ya isimli bir guzellik var.
kadın şarkıcılar tarafından söylenen, kadının aşk acısını sesiyle yansıttığı duygusal şarkılara verilen isim. bu türde şarkı söyleyen ünlü şarkıcılara örnek olarak edith piaf, billie holiday, marlene dietrich ve günümüzde fiona apple ile diana krall verilebilir.
shady bard adlı abimizin kafa dinlendirici şarkısı. sözleri; what a time to pick a fight the world is full of those tonight i looked to you you stole my life but here it is the simple task save me... save me... save me... save me... save me... save me... what a time to pick a fight the world is full of those to find the world is full of those to find the world is full of those tonight
