güzel bir the cars şarkısı, sözleri: all i need is what you've got all i'll tell is what you're not all you know is whatyou hear i get this way when you come near then i know it's gone too far uh, oh, i touched your star and it felt so right just like the hush of midnight and then you said with me it's touch and go-o-o-o touch and go-o-o-o all i need is you tonight flying like a cement kite, yeah in your headlock on the floor who could ever ask for more all i want is you tonight i guess that dress does fit you tight and how that look does make me shake it almost looks too good to take
touch and go - emerson lake powell abilerden tum sevenlere gidiyor... man in the street, no time to sleep no time for nothing no patek phillippe pedal to the metal blow by blow you're runnin' with the devil it's touch and go they're leaving you nothing nowhere to go just put you in the corner like an old banjo the strings are breaking but you can't say no you're runnin' with the devil it's touch and go systematic one man show you're caught up in the middle where the four winds blow no salvation 20 below you're runnin' with the devil it's touch and go all systems go friend of foe it's all dependin' on the dice you throw come without a warning like a u.f.o. you're runnin' with the devil it's touch and go you see this woman on a tv show she's drippin' in diamonds from head to toe they make you believe it's the status quo you're runnin' with the devil it's touch and go all systems go friend or foe it's all dependin' on the dice you throw come without a warning like a u.f.o. you're runnin' with the devil it's touch and go
ing. uçakların piste inip çok kısa bir mesafe kattetikten sonra tekrar havalanmaları pilot eğitimlerinde rutin olarak yaptırılan işlem
(bkz: touch and go records)
(bkz: touchngo)
(bkz: stop and go)
"straight to...number one" adlı -iç gıcıklayıcı- parçalarıyla ftv'ye sık sık fon müziği oluşturan grup.
david herbert lawrence tarafindan yazilmis bir tiyatro oyunu. http://www.readbookonline.net/title/208/
pisti öp ve uzaklaş da denebilir..
durumu sallantıda hastalar için de kullanılan bir terim. (bilinci bir açılıp bir kapnan kişiler mesela) kullanımı da şöle: - how is he? - he's touch and go.
ingilizce de soyle boyle, yari yariya yani bir iyi bir kotu, gibi anlamlarda kullanilan obek. be touch and go. ornek1 hastalik durumu: he's in the hospital. it was touch and go for a while, but he is much better now. herif sallantidaymis yani, bir kotu bir iyi imis. ornek 2 herhangi bir sey icin kullanim : it was touch and go ,but our team finally won the game. oglum bazen super sayilar caktik ama bazen de ibneler iyi oynadi cakiyorlardi az kalsin, soyle boyle anlami. ornek 3 : ali and ayse's romance is touch and go. one day they are not speaking to each other. next day they are talking about marriage. adamin bunlarinki de bir iyi bir kotu, takilip gidiyorlar boyle. ornek 4 : he's last business was touch and go. arkadasimizin isi yari yari imis , bir iyi bir kotu imis. ayrica havacilikta ucak inis yapacakken vazgecer, bir terslik filan yuzunden, soyle bir tekerleri degdirir sonra kalkar. surtturup vazgecme olayi icin kullanilir.
(bkz: touch and govalanır)
bir sylvia plath şiiri.. sing praise for statuary: for those anchored attitudes and staunch stone eyes that stare through lichen-lid and passing bird-foot at some steadfast mark beyond the inconstant green gallop and flick of light in this precarious park where vivid children twirl like colored tops through time nor stop to understand how all their play is touch-and-go: but, go! they cry, and the swing arcs up to the tall tree tip; go! and the merry-go-round hauls them round with it. and i, like the children, caught in the mortal active verb, let my transient eye break a tear for each quick, flaring game of child, leaf and cloud, while on this same fugue, unmoved, those stonier eyes look, safe-socketed in rock.
