trouble in mind, i'm blue but i won't be blue always cause the sun's gonna shine in my back door some day diya baslayan pek guzel pek hos bir jazz standardi. dianah washington yorumu takdire sayandir.
marianne faithfull yorumu ise bir omre bedeldir.
(bkz: trouble everyday)
aretha franklin'in (1997) early years albumunde pek bir guzel kanli canli okudugu blues parcasi.
richard jones tarafindan yazılmış bir şiir. devlet tiyatrosu'nda oynayan gazap üzümleri oyununun final muzigi eşliğinde okundugunda aglatan jazz versiyonu vardir. sözlerinide yazayım tam olsun. trouble in mind, im blue but i wont be blue always, cause the suns gonna shine in my backdoor some day. im all alone at midnight and my lamp is burnin low aint never had so much trouble in my life before. trouble in mind, thats true i have almost lost my mind, life aint worth livin, sometimes i feel like dyin. goin down to the river gonna take my ol rockin chair and if the blues dont leave me ill rock away from there. you been a hard-hearted mama great god! you been unkind gonna be a cold, cold papa cause you to lose your mind. im gonna lay my head down on some lonesome railroad line and let the two nineteen pacify my mind. well its trouble, oh trouble trouble on my worried mind, when you see me laughin im laughin just to keep from cryin.
bir erland and the carnival sarkisi. last night i dreamt when we were young out in the fields i saw you run trouble in mind trouble in soul won't you let your feelings go? i didn't mean to disappoint you i'm just sorry that i had to i didn't mean to disappoint you i'm just sorry that i did i took a walk down your old street down past the places we used to meet trouble in mind trouble in souls won't you let your feelings go? i didn't mean to disappoint you i'm just sorry that i had to i didn't mean to disappoint you i'm just sorry that i did your father's house never felt so cold what once was new now over grown oh pharaoh oh pharaoh won't you let your children go? i didn't mean to disappoint you i'm just sorry that i had to i didn't mean to disappoint you i'm just sorry that i did
zenci gırtlağının klasik örneklerinden, kadın vokalist lavern baker tarafından da muhteşem bir blues yorumu yapılmış şarkı. saksofon riffleri baya bi hoştur.
1985 tarihli alan rudolph'un yönettiği, başrolünde kris kristofferson'un olduğu film.
