2002 cikisli lynyrd skynyrd albumudur. 12 sarki icerir
(bkz: lets turn it on)
bir de bomfunk mc's versiyonu var bunun. o da çok güzel...
cok cok cok cok cok cok cok cok guzel bir alan parsons project sarkisidir ayni zamanda...
18 temmuz 2006 tarihinde cikan paris hilton albumu. su parcalardan olusuyor: 1. turn it up (paul oakenfold remix edit) 2. turn it up (dj dan's hot 2 trot edit) 3. turn it up (dj dan's hot 2 trot dub edit) 4. turn it up (peter rauhofer does paris edit) 5. turn it up (peter rauhofer turns it up edit) insan merak ediyor acaba albumun adi neden turn it up diye.
süper bir robots in disguise şarkısıdır. şarkıda müziğe bağımlılık anlatılmaktır ve hiç sıkıcı değildir herkes dinleyebilir. sözleride şöyledir: i woke up weak today and needing your voice crawled into the speakers and turned up the volume felt so sick today but cured by your noise my head in the speakers is drowning out volumes in ashes to ashes, i'm falling falling in ashes to ashes, i'm losing losing in curl and grazes, i'm feeling feeling in curl and grazes, i'm losing losing turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn me on x2 i dress up bright tonight and needing the beat dance into the speakers and max up the volume feel so high tonight and moved by my feet my heart in the speakers is loving the volume in pretty vacant, i'm jumping jumping in pretty vacant, i'm moving moving in teaches of peaches, i'm speeding speeding in teaches of peaches, i'm moving moving turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn me on x2 in delia's gone i’ll keep it with mine birdland clouds sous le soleil sous le soleil exactement sunshine superman i want you ghosts in some velvet morning paper wings virginia avenue laura in summer's almost over i walk the line a night like this strange fruit in hat full of hollow, i'm diving diving in hat full of hollow, i'm screaming screaming in poison voodoo, i'm living living in poison voodoo, i'm screaming screaming turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn me on x5
bir paris hilton klasigi... ahh yeah that's hot uhh yeah scott storch yeah gonna make me scream wanna cause a riot make a lot of noise i don't wanna be quiet when it get's real loud i get even louder gotta turn me on gotta make me holla you gotta know what to do if you wanna get down so don't role of your smooch now your running out of time turn it up, turn it up, turn it up, turn it up turn it up, turn it up, turn it up, turn it up can you make me hot make me touch the ceiling can you read my mind can you give me that feeling when i loose my clothes you like that don't ya let's get exposed 'cause you know you want to you gotta know what to do if you wanna get down so don't role of your smooch now your running out of time turn it up, turn it up, turn it up, turn it up turn it up, turn it up, turn it up, turn it up don't play around let's get it started now we can get it started don't be scared to party get on move ya body it's time to party you gotta know what to do (know what to do) if you wanna get down (get down) so don't role of your smooch now your running out of time turn it up, turn it up, turn it up, turn it up turn it up, turn it up, turn it up make me loose my mind turn it up gonna make me scream (gonna make you scream) wanna cause a riot make a lot of noise i don't wanna be quiet when it get's real loud i get even louder gotta turn me on gotta make me holla you gotta know what to do if you wanna get down so don't role of your smooch now your running out of time turn it up, turn it up, turn it up aw don't be afraid to turn it up turn it up turn it up, turn it up, turn it up aw don't be afraid to turn it up turn it up aw don't be afraid to turn it up aw don't be afraid to turn it up scott storch yeah
güzel bi robots in disguise şarkısı.özledim,yoksun,belki hiç olmayacaksın, o zaman music is my boyfriend- sesi aç,dünyayı kıs diyor kısaca. i woke up weak today and needing your voice crawled into the speakers and turned up the volume felt so sick today but cured by a noise my head in the speakers is drowning out volumes in "ashes to ashes" i'm falling falling in "ashes to ashes" i'm losing losing in "curl" and "grazes" i'm feeling feeling in "curl" and "grazes" i'm losing losing turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn me on i dress up bright tonight and needing the beat dance into the speakers and max up the volume feel so high tonight and moved by my feet my heart in the speakers is loving the volume in "pretty vacant" i'm jumping jumping in "pretty vacant" i'm moving moving in "teaches of peaches" i'm speeding speeding in "teaches of peaches" i'm moving moving turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn me on in "delia's gone" "i'll keep it with mine" "birdland" "clouds" in "sous le soleil exactement" "sunshine superman" "i want you" "ghosts" in "some velvet morning" "paper wings" "virginia avenue" "laura" in "summer's almost over" "i walk the line" "a night like this" "strange fruit" in "hatful of hollow" i'm diving diving in "hatful of hollow" i'm screaming screaming in "boys" and "voodoo" i'm living living in "boys" and "voodoo" i'm screaming screaming turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn it up turn me on! linkleri verebilmek için sözleri tekrar yazdım,yazıldığı halde
mama do şarkısıyla büyük bir çıkış yapan pixie lott'ın debut (ve şimdilik tek) albümü... 1. mama do (uh oh, uh oh) * 2. cry me out * 3. band aid 4. turn it up 5. boys and girls * 6. gravity * 7. my love 8. jack 9. nothing compares 10. here we go again 11. the way the world works 12. hold me in your arms deluxe version 13. use somebody 14. when love takes* 15. without you 16. rolling stone 17. want you 18. silent night
