skunk anansieyi bize tanıtan ilk şarkı. i cried on my blood day there was nothing that i could hold on to just a line could have helped remind me of you, of you i screamed till the blood came i was living in a cloud of hope lover's kiss then they make a wish to the end, they pretend everyday hurts a little more everyday hurts a little more and i'll do anything yes i'll do anything to belong to be strong to say there's nothing wrong everyday hurts a little more everyday hurts a little more and i'll do anything yes i'll do anything to belong to be strong to say there's nothing wrong everyday hurts i cried in the sunlight would i fake all the times i loved you just to play in a game of twisted with you with you i need to believe you sacrificed all the lies we made up how we kissed then we made our wish to the end, to the end repeat chorus time made me confide in you so contrived were the words you sold me now nothing can swallow the feeling so shallow inside
siyirmish anlamina gelen ing ce kelime yada kelimeler grubu
stoosh albümündendir.
ing. kıvrılmış bükülmüş
ayrıca, corrupted anlamına da gelir, skunk anansie deki anlamı da budur.
burkulmuş anlamı da mevcuttur. (bkz: bileğini burkmak)
çarptırılmış,yanlış yorumlanmış anlamınada gelen ingilizce kelime (bkz: twisted every word i say)
(bkz: twisted sister)
ing. manyak, piskopat, sick.
son derece gaz bir sarkidir.
bir adı da everyday hurts olan skunk anansie eseri.
(bkz: twisted to fit)
sozleri asagidaki gibi olan wardell gray - annie ross imzali parca. "deconstructing harry" filminin de "theme"i olup, ayni film gibi, derinden vurmaktadir beni. my analyst told me that i was right out of my head the way he described it, he said i'd be better dead than alive i didn't listen to his jive i knew all along he was all wrong and i knew that he thought i was crazy but i'm not oh no! my analyst told me that i was right out of my head he said i'd need treatment but i'm not that easily led he said i was the type that was most inclined when out of his sight to be out of my mind and he thought i was nuts, no more ifs or ands or buts oh no! they say as a child i appeared a little bit wild with all my crazy ideas but i knew what was happenin', i knew i was a genius what's so strange if you know that you're a wizard at three? i knew that this was meant to me i heard little children were supposed to sleep tight that's why i drank a fifth of vodka one night my parents got frantic, didn't know what to do but i saw some crazy scenes before i came to now do you think i was crazy? i may have been only three but i was swingin' they all laughed at al graham bell they all laughed at edison and also at einstein so why should i feel sorry if they just couldn't understand the reasoning and the logic that went on in my head? i had a brain, it was insane so i just let them laugh at me when i refused to ride on all those double decker buses all because there was no driver on the top my analyst told me that i was right out of my head the way he described it, he said i'd be better dead than alive i didn't listen to his jive i knew all along he was all wrong and i knew that he thought i was crazy but i'm not oh no! my analyst told me that i was right out of my head but i said "dear doctor, i think that it's you instead 'cause i have got a thing that's unique and new it proves that i'll have the last laugh on you 'cause instead of one head... i got two and you know two heads are better than one"
skunk anansie'nin olani muthis sozlere sahiptir.
muthis sozlere ve duzenlemeye sahip skunk sarkisi.klibi sarkiya yetisemesede idare eder.
levis ın engineered diede anılan pantolonlarının diğer bir adı.
(bkz: lifted)
başından sonuna kadar verdiği gazı hiç düşürmeyen, dinledikten sonra "oh bee" diyerek rahatlama sağlayan, skunk anansie çalışması.
ashley judd samuel l jackson ve andy garcianın oynadıkları gerilim. trailer için: http://www.apple.com/trailers/paramount/twisted/
senaryosu sarah thorp'a ait, yönetmenliğini philip kaufman'ın yaptıgı, ashley judd, samuel l. jackson, andy garcia, david strathairn, russell wong, camryn manheim, mark pellegrino'dan oluşan zengin oyuncu kadrosuna sahip olan ve 28 mayıs 2004 te ülkemizde gösterime girecek olan polisiye, gerilim türü film.
kadrosuna kanıp gittiğim film. yapılır mı lan böle şey. ha kötü mü hayır rezil değil. ama ne gerebilmiş ne de zevk vermiştir. jessica(ashley judd) her önüne gelenleyatan bir polistir. şef falan olunca yattığı adamlar sırayla ölmektedir. ve olaylar gelişir. oyunculuklar da sıradan ötesiydi.
turkce'ye girdap diye cevrilen film.
ashley judd'ın motorlukta sınır tanımayan bi karakteri canlandırdığı, gayet sıradan,sonu başından belli, tekdüze bi film. aksiyon desen minimum, gerilim desen ha keza. ashley judd da yaşlanmış. ne anladım ben bu filmden. (bkz: kibrit)
joni mitchell'ın süper eğlenceli şarkısının sözleri için ; my analyst told me that i was right out of my head the way he described it he said i'd be better dead than live i didn't listen to his jive i knew all along that he was all wrong and i knew that he thought i was crazy but i'm not oh no my analyst told me that i was right out of my head he said i'd need treatment but i'm not that easily led he said i was the type that was most inclined when out of his sight to be out of my mind and he thought i was nuts no more ifs or ands or buts they say as a child i appeared a little bit wild with all my crazy ideas but i knew what was happening i knew i was a genius... what's so strange when you know that you're a wizard at three i knew that this was meant to be now i heard little children were supposed to sleep tight that's why i got into the vodka one night my parents got frantic didn't know what to do but i saw some crazy scenes before i came to now do you think i was crazy i may have been only three but i was swinging they all laugh at angry young men they all laugh at edison and also at einstein so why should i feel sorry if they just couldn't understand the idiomatic logic that went on in my head i had a brain it was insane oh they used to laugh at me when i refused to ride on all those double decker buses all because there was no driver on the top my analyst told me that i was right out of my head but i said dear doctor i think that it's you instead because i have got a thing that's unique and new to prove it i'll have the last laugh on you 'cause instead of one head i got two and you know two heads are better than one
1995 çıkışlı leziz bir hallucinogen albümü. dahası hallucinogen'in çıkardığı ilk albümdür. 1. lsd 2. orphic thrench 3. alpha centauri 4. dark magus 5. shamanix 6. snarling black mabel 7. fluoro neuro sponge 8. solstice (hidden track)
(bkz: twist)
deconstucting harry'nin açılış parçası olan twisted, annie ross'un wardell gray'in tenor sax solosunun uzerine yazdigi sozlerle ortaya cikmis bir twisted'dır, 1959 yılında da "lambert, hendricks & ross - the hottest new group in jazz" albumunde enfes bi sekilde kaydedilmistir. daha enfes olani daha sonra bu sarkinin joni mitchell'ın "court & spark" adlı ve 1974 çıkışlı albumunde leziz bir sekilde yer almis olmasidir, joni teyzemiz sadece sozlerde ufak degisiklikler yapmistir yoksa bu guzel vocalese parcasinin bestesi haliyle wardell gray'e, sozleri ise annie ross'a aittir.
tshirtlerde yikamadan sonra sag ve sol taraflardaki dikislerin one dogru kivrilmasidir. imalattan once labartuar testiyle kivrilma payi hesap edilebilir. ortalama kabuledilebilir kivrilma payi %6 dir.
güzel mersinin güzel deniz mavisi gözlerine sahip, ama bir türlü, pek merak ettiğim, cahit (bkz: gegen die wand)in memleketinin resimlerini bana göstermeyen yazar.
gerilim-polisiye tarzina biraz asina olanlarin yirminci dakika itibariyle sonunda ne olacagini kare kare soyleyebilecekleri bir film. biraz kasilirsa final sahnesinin nerede gececegi bile tahmin edilebiliyor. olu adam surati ile fare gostererek insanlari korkutacagini dusunen bir hollywood klasiginden bahsediyoruz. vaktinize aciyin, divx'ine bile bir bucuk saatinizi harcamayin derim.
(bkz: twisted records)
svenson and gielen imzali bir donemin efsane dans sarkilarindandi.. deli gibi ziplatirdi, hey gidi gunler hey..
twistedmatrix.com adresinde mit lisansıyla dağıtılan, python için bir event-driven networking motoru.
araba kullanırken dinledildiğinde 3 duble rakı içmiş gibi yapan sarkı .
isten eve donus yolculugunda serviste havadan sudan sohbet ediyoken -ki artik mesai saatleri degistiginden sohbet edemedigim- eksi sozluk yazari oldugunu ogrendigim; muzik, film ve dizi arsivini benimle paylasmis guzel insan.
yeni yila yeni sac rengiyle girmeye hazirlanan, sirketimizi kasip kavuran.
2006 çıkışlı fatal design albümünden entwine parçası.. the devil dwells in you so needless to say, it's gettin stronger day by day you fall into decay, your state of mind is crumbling you lose it all, you've lost yourself and again you're falling shades of gray are descending from the sky above you i... i will be the one who takes you away from all your dreams twisting outside of your empty shell chaos deep inside consuming every moment of yout wretched life confusion rises high, your state of mind is crumbling. you'll lose it all, you've lost yourself and again you're falling. i... i will be the one who takes you away from all your dreams twisting underneath the surface i... i will be the one who takes you away from all your dreams twisting outside of your empty shell the fields of grain are turned to dust the seeds of hate are rooted deep into you
sıradan kovalama filmlerinden. tek artısı ashley ablamız biraz seksi takılıyor filmde. ashley judd hanımefendinin filmde kullandığı savunma silahı için; (bkz: koga)
(bkz: twisted logic)
cuma günü iyi gider.
bir katie melua şarkısı. sözleri şöyledir: ooh baby i'm twisted ooh baby i'm twisted i shouldn't keep dreaming of you it's something i swore i wouldn't do my friends say don't go there it's a road to nowhere but you got through and i can't undo this thing i feel for you ooh i'm twisted, just twisted entranced by the dance that you do i'm twisted, so twisted i wanna twist and turn with you ooh baby i'm twisted ooh baby i'm twisted out on the street, i meet you again this beast inside is counting to ten we're all alone we're near my home and we go in like a mortal sin don't wanna live if i can't touch you skin ooh baby i'm twisted ooh baby i'm twisted ooh baby i'm twisted ooh baby i'm twisted like the roots of a tree you got into me like the roots of a tree you got into me baby i'm twisted baby i'm twisted
bu son derece boktan filmi digiturk aboneleri bu aralar dvdigi menusunden izleyebilirler.
(bkz: johan gielen)
python icin default threading library yerine kullanilmasi siddetle onerilen olaydir (galiba).
aynı zamanda star trek voyager ikinci sezon altıncı bölümünün adı.
sabahın köründe gözlerinizi kocaman açarak, "yar bana bir enerji" diye çığıra çığıra kalktıysanız sizi çok pis gaza getirdiği yetmez gibi kalbinizi büküm büküm bükmek için de yapılmış olduğunu düşündüren, güzelim skunk anasie parçasıdır.
skunk anansie'yi sevdiren şarkıların en güzeli.
katie melua'nın, vokaliyle üzerimde siren sesi duymuş tayfa * psikolojisi yarattığı şarkı. "we're all alone, we're near my home" ...katie aç kapını/kollarını, sana geliyorum...
