tr. zincirsiz, sinirsiz, engelsiz
(bkz: unchained melody)
hammerfall'un "glory to the brave" albümünde yer alan güzel parça: unchained undying nightfall, a king with no crown dethroned, imprisoned in chains duel the black horse, the swordsmen must kneel condemned to serve within the shadows put'em next to their king out of the fire and into the night a handful of brave men appeared crimson thunder running through their veins a bond that will last forever nothing's stronger than ... brothers in arms are fighting tonight the forces of steel meet again born in the fire, they look to the sky power of metal unchained time has come, break out of these chains fight! proud for your kingdom behind the defenders the king marches on by divine intervention they are fighting with ... brothers in arms are fighting tonight the forces of steel live again born in the fire, they look to the sky the power of metal unchained past many nights they fought on and by the moonlight the battle was won but still the black horse is running knowing were the power will lead brothers in arms are fighting tonight the forces of steel live again born in the fire, they look to the sky the power of metal unchained
ölümsüz van halen eseri. sebastian bach tarafından da cover yapılmıştır
alright! haaa-ha-ha-ha! you say, i cannot get there from here, baby then i don't care where i'm goin' here's to your thin red line mmm, i'm stepping over thought you'd never miss me till i got a fat city address non-stop talker, what a rocker blue-eyed murder in a size five dress change, nothin' stays the same unchained, and ya hit the ground runnin' change, ain't nothin' stays the same unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin' i know, i don't ask for permission this is my chance to fly maybe enough ain't enough for you but it's my turn at a try thought you'd never miss me till i got a fat city address non-stop talker, what a rocker blue-eyed murder in a size five dress change, nothin' stays the same unchained, and ya hit the ground running change, ain't nothin' stays the same unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin' (guitar solo) change, nothin' stays the same unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin' change, ain't nothin' stays the same unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin' woo-hoo! take a look at this! hey man, that suit is you! whoo-whee! you'll get some leg tonight for sure! tell us how you do! hoo hoo hoo! (come on dave, gimme a break) hey hey hey hey! one break, comin' up! change, ain't nothin' stays the same unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin' changed, ain't nothin' stays the same unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin' change, ain't nothin' stays the same unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin' change, ain't nothin' stays the same unchained!
6. nesil dombili ve dombili oldugu kadar da capkin bir yazar. elmacik kemiklerinden isirmak suretiyle ho$ geldin diyorum kendisine.
u$engecligi hakkinda mayalar tarafindan destanlar yazilmi$ insan evladi. bir u$enmeye gorsun; seneler gecer. bir bakmi$iz kolunda karisi, kucaginda 4 ya$inda cocuguyla cikmi$ kar$imiza. bir daha u$enir; sene 2058'dir... torun torba sahibi olmu$, sirti biraz kamburla$mi$... [bu satirlarda yazanlar tamamen hayal urunu olup, gercege cok yakin olmasindan korkulmaktadir]
lise 1 de aynı sinifta ikametgah ettigim suser.kendisi ve ekstra 4-5 arkadas ile dream teami olusturup az hocayi kacirmadik.solendigi kadar usengecligini gormedim ama her zaman umursamaz tavirlari beni bitirmistir.ayriyetten beni cs ye bulusturan insanlardan biridir bu yuzden kendisine ayri bir saygim vardir.(bkz: yalan)
"come on dave, gimme a break" repligiyle her dinledigimde beni ucuran muhtesem otesi van halen eseri.
yamulmuyorsam sözleri duyduğum kadarıyla şöyledir, unbroken unchained, relentless to regain what we have lost a grip among reality screaming deep down within me i count the cost holding on in spite of the doubt always i'm trying to find it out that we could find a way back there beyond the moon right through the air always remembering, always remembering. (bkz: hindsight) edit: düzenlemesi için masterfucka'ya teşekkürler.
tam adi "unchained (tales of the unexpected)" olan anathema parcasi.
lacuna coil grubunun shallow life albümünün 11. parçasıdır. unchained unchained unchained unchained there is nothing up ahead or down the road the streets won't last forever there is nothing left to loose i cannot see myself inside this dream i know nothing lasts forever nothing lasts forever unchained i'm like a bullet set free now unchained i'm like a weapon unleashed now now i've found my way to solid ground i left behind the feeling that i've been a fool i feel much stronger now i am not the same you know nothing lasts forever nothing lasts forever unchained i'm like a bullet set free now unchained i'm like a weapon unleashed now unchained i'm like a bullet set free now unchained i'm like a weapon unleashed now unchained unchained unchained unchained unchained
johnny cash'in yakarışı. sözleri şöyledir: i have been ungrateful, i've been unwise. restless from the cradle, now i realize, it's so hard to see the rainbow, through glasses dark as these. maybe i'll be able, from now on, on my knees. oh, i am weak. oh, i know i am vain. take this weight from me, let my spirit be unchained. old man swearin' at the sidewalk, i'm overcome. seems that we've both forgotten, forgotten to go home. have i seen an angel? oh, have i seen a ghost? where's that rock of ages, when i need it most? oh, i am weak. oh, i know i am vain. take this weight from me, let my spirit be unchained.
(bkz: django unchained)
(bkz: ançey may hart)
