film, platoon un devamı gibi çamur çöp deryası içinde helikoptere alınamayan, sırtında yaralı candaşı olan bir amerikan askerinin buruk görüntüsüyle açılır. gene hackman kendi ve arkadaşının oğullarının laos da olduğundan şüphesi olmayan albay rolünde 2. bir nam operasyonu düzenler. savaş sonrası john rambo misali hurda yığınına dönmüş bir avuç avare askere eskisini talim ettirip, işleme başlar lakin oğlu askeri kampta basurdan içi geçmiştir. kalan sağlar bizimledir mantığıyla arkaşını kurtarıp bir fire ile geri dönerler. önemli nokta a team la birlikte 83 yapımı olması hasabiyle onun matrak bir tv dizisi haline getirildiğini düşünüyorum. tabi film bu kadar eğlendirici değildi ama ekip elemanlarının niteliği yönünden bööle bir şey düşünülebilir. ilginçtir filmde patrick swayze (kevin scott ) de rol alır.
bir jedi mind tricks parçası. sözleri çok derindir, dinledikten sonra bir süre düşünürsünüz. sonra yine dinlersiniz, yine düşünürsünüz.
vurucu sözleri aşşağı yukarı şöyledir: [vinnie paz] yeah i don't know why i'm over here, this job is evil they sent me here to vietnam to kill innocent people my mother wrote me, said, "the president, he doesn't care" he tryna leave the footprints of america here they say we're tryna stop chinese expansion but i ain't seen no chinese since we landed sent my whole entire unit, thinkin' we could win against the viet cong guerrillas there in gia dinh i didn't sign up to kill women or any children for every enemy soldier, we killin' six civilians yeah, and it ain't right to me i ain't got enough of mother fuckin' fight in me it frightens me, and i just wanna see my son and moms but over here they droppin' seven million tons of bombs i spend my days dodgin' all these booby-traps and mines and at night, prayin' to god that i get back alive and i'm forced, to sit back and wonder why i was a part of operation rollin' thunder in a foxhole with nine months left here jungle like the fuckin' harbinger of death here i don't want to be here. i'm scared, i just wanna go home. [r.a. the rugged man] you fuckin' kiddin' me? don't be a pussy. don't you love your country? i like being here. i'm ready. true story call me thorburn, john a., staff sergeant marksman, skill in killin', illin', i'm able and willin' kill a village elephant, rapin' and pillage a village illegitimate killers: u.s. military guerrillas this ain't no real war, vietnam? shit world war ii, that's a war, this is just a military conflict soothin', drug-abusin', vietnamese women screwin' sex, gamblin', and boozin', all this shit is amusin' bitches and guns, this is every man's dream i don't wanna go home, where i'm just a ordinary human bein' special op, huey chopper gun ship, run shit gook run when the mini-gun spit, won't miss kill shit, spit four-thousand bullets a minute victor charlie, hit trigger, hit it, i'm in it to win it, get it the lieutenant hinted the villain, i've ended up killin' i did it, cripple, did it, pictures i painted is vivid, live it a wizard with weapons, a secret mission, we 'bout to begin it government funded, behind enemy lines bullets is sprayin', it's heatin' up, a hundred degrees the enemy's the north vietnamese, bitch please ain't no sweat, i'm told "be at ease" until i see the pilot got hit, and we 'bout to hit some trees tail rotor broke, crash land american man in cambodia, right in the enemy hand take a swig of the whiskey to calm us them yellow men wearin' black pajamas, they want to harm us they all up on us, bang, bang, bullet hit my chest, feel no pain to my left, the captain caught a bullet right in his brain body parts flyin', loss of limbs, explosions bad intentions, i see my best friend's intestines pray to the one above, it's rainin', i'm covered in mud i think i'm dyin', i feel dizzy, i'm losin' blood i see my childhood, i'm back in the arms of my mother i see my whole life, i see christ, i see bright lights i see israelites, muslims, and christians at peace, no fights blacks, whites, asians, people of all types i must've died, then i woke up, surprised i'm alive i'm in a hospital bed, they rescued me, i survived i escaped the war, came back but ain't escape agent orange, two of my kids born handicapped spastic, quadriplegia, microcephalic cerebral palsy, cortical blindness, name it they had it my son died he ain't live, but i still try to think positive 'cause in life, god take, god give
jmtnin en nadide eserlerindendir.
