(ingilizce) evren.
savage gardenin guzel bi sarkisi.. well i'd like to take you as i find you imagine our clothes are on the floor feel my caress so soft and gentle so delicate you cry for more but you know baby you know baby does it right and you know baby does it right universe inside of your heart you gotta let me know so you can be free baby you wanted it so much, and now that it's over you don't know what you want put time in a capsule two minds consensual entwined to perfection if we could... cuddle up close lay your head on my chest now listen my heart beat's coming down if you get tired you close your eyes now when you wake up i won't be found 'cause i know baby i know you're the nervous kind with so much going on in your mind universe inside your heart you gotta let me know so you can be free baby you wanted it so much, and now that it's over you don't know what you want but let me tell you that, this time, i'm going to make you mine (i won't let you go) 'cause i know, this time i'm going to make sure i look out for me 'cause i know baby well you know baby does it right and you know baby does it right you will only end up lost in loneliness and wake up with the words already in your lips so i'll let you go, baby so i'll let you go... universe inside your heart you gotta let me know so you can be free baby you wanted it so much, and now that it's over you don't know what you want
eskilerden cok basarili bir adventure oyunu. paralel evrenler teorisini konu almaktadir.
evereve $arkisi. stormbirds albümünden. give me the sleep i need to forget my pain and my sorrow, my grief and my dept give me the sleep i need to forget hypocrisy, cruelty, hatred and if there's someone to hear me - then answer my cries and if you are near me - please drop your disguise i need to get out, please show me a way to cope with my dread and my fear every day restricted are my paths, destinations of myself far away the wheel of life has stopped turning, an angel leads me astray i am longing for farewell, just a passenger in a boat a boat called life - after which wave will it lose its load void, peace and stillness - is what i yearned for let me be a fallen star - insignificance is what i will earn universe - i want to drift in your eternity universe - lay your arms around my soul universe - a part of you i want to be universe - your star of death i've seen it glow i want to drift into your eternity - lay your arms around my soul a part of you i want to be - your star of death i've seen it glow prepared for your reception your timeless nothingness awaits me universe - are you a part of me? a part of you i want to be.
tan tuncag*'in güzel bir çalışması ..
icq'nun yeni hedesi. (bkz: icq universe) http://web.icq.com/universe/
(bkz: across the universe)
(bkz: you are the universe)
planet x'in 2000 albumu. track list $una benzer: 1. clonus 2. her animal 3. dog boots 4. bitch 5. king of the universe 6. inside black 7. europa 8. warfinger 9. chocolate 10. pods of trance 11. 2116
güzel bir elektronik radio days şarkısı.
almanların gotik metaldeki sağlam gruplarından evereve 'nin stormbirds çıkışlı albümlerinin 12. parçası. bu albümün çıkış tarihi 1998 dir.
çok güzel bir klibi olan sebastien tellier şarkısı. sebastien tellier'in piyano eşliğinde söylediği bir versiyonu da bulunmaktadır. ikisi de lezizdir. sözleri aşağıdaki gibidir: goodbye the lion stares high and all the universe cries for your memory i hate i oh, could you lead my lips to sigh somehow, i smothered rainbows and all the universe crawls farthest ends of me i'm in now homewards, he dealed with scarecrows and all the universe knows wailing finally i would roar oh, could you fail in me sin calls goodbye i've wandered 'round isles and all the universe cries for your memory i warned i oh, starry are your spheres, delight
(bkz: ibanez universe)
scars on broadway'in, albüm çıkmadan önce internete sızan şarkısı.. a line is drawn up in the sand is this the way to no where land you've never seen the sky like this you never want die like this comets falling for the earth is this the end or a rebirth you never seen the sky like this you never want die like this mother are we flying through the universe? are we dying through the universe? fire burning on the sun is killing almost everyone you never seen the sky like this you never want die like this dancing in the acid rain that's falling on me streets of shame, you never seen the sky like this you never want die like this mother are we flying through the universe? are we dying through the universe? we are crying to you mother are we flying through the universe? are we dying through the universe? mother are we flying through the universe? are we dying through the universe? we are crying to you mother are we flying through the universe? are we dying in the universe? comets falling for the earth is this the end or a rebirth you never seen the sky like this you never want die like this
pek çok kişinin, özellikle de yaşlıların "üniversite" deme şekli. - sen üniverseye mi gidiyon genç? - evet amca.
(bkz: suç bende/#17771198)
(bkz: volvo concept universe)
bütün enerjimi ezen, karamsarlığın amına koyan fevkalade sebastien tellier şarkısı.
nikki jamal ile karen viuff'un birlikte seslendirdikleri gayet hos bir sarki.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utymdsjnrm4
http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/…4331_460s.jpg
