to/die/for'un 2001 ciki$li epilogue albumunden gayet leziz bir parca. sozlerini yazmak gerekirse(ki gerekir, her zaman oyleydi): i am seeking through the night seeking for unholy love the love that will satisfy my need would you surrender to me would you let me inside you and steal away your innocence you are the victim of my love i am haunting you i am deep in you i am draining you of life this night will be the night of fate tonight it happens once again your life will be mine let me touch you with my sin let me eat you from within don't try to chance your fate don't fear don't feel hate
bryan adams üstadın sözlükte yerini almayı hakeden bunalım şarkısı. aşkın, acısının ve yalnızlığın.. livin’ on your own can be a lonely game a face in the crowd - no one knows your name it’s a table for one and a broken heart to go she’s the kind of lover that you always dreamed would come to stay and never wanna leave but that’s all changed - she’s dealt the final blow heaven knows what you were thinkin’ of don’t blame yourself you’re just a victim of love it doesn’t matter who was right or wrong when the fire is over - when the magic’s gone you pick up the pieces and do the best you can it knocks you down but you try it again you get a little older it’s a cryin’ shame sometimes things don’t work out like you plan who’s gonna help when you’ve had enough it ain’t no secret you’re a victim of love heaven knows what you were thinkin’ of don’t blame yourself you’re just a victim of love one goodbye was really all it took now you thumb through the pages of your little black book but somehow all the numbers look the same you’ve been thinkin’ how to get around it but there ain’t nothin’ you can do about it nothin’ ventured - nothin’ gained ain’t nothin’ you can’t rise above call it what you want but you’re a victim of love who’s gonna help you when you’ve had enough ain’t no secret you’re a victim of love i don’t wanna lose your love... i don't wanna lose it.. i don't wanna lose you!
whitesnake'in saints and sinners albümünden müthiş şarkı.
amerikalıdır, country'cidir derler ama gönlümüze ayrı bir hitap etmişliği olan eagles'ın hotel california albümündeki en rock parçası.
eagles grubunun 1976 yılı çıkışlı hotel california isimli albümünde 6. sırada yer alan parça... sözleri de var : what kind of love have you got? you should be home, but you’re not a room full of noise and dangerous boys still makes you thirsty and hot i heard about you and that man there’s just one thing i don’t understand you say he’s a liar and he put out your fire how come you still got his gun in your hand? victim of love , i see a broken heart you got your stories to tell victim of love, it’s such an easy part and you know how to play it so well some people never come clean i think you know what i mean you’re walkin’ the wire, pain and desire looking for love in between tell me your secrets, i’ll tell you mine this ain’t no time to be cool and tell all your girlfriends, you ’been around the world’ friends that talk is for losers and fools victim of love, i see a broken heart i could be wrong, but i’m no victim of love, we’re not so far apart show me, what kind of love have you got? victim of love, you’re just a victim of love i could be wrong , but i’m not victim of love, now you’re a victim of love what kind of love have you got? what kind of love have you got? what kind of love have you got?
eagles şarkısı olanı blue blues band tarafından, trt'deki bir programda yeniden yorumlanmış zamanında. yavuz çetin, kerim çaplı, batu mutlugil, sunay özgür... şuradan görülebilir, iç çekilebilir: http://vids.myspace.com/…ndividual&videoid=48271822
