(bkz: nöbet)
lamb of god-as the palaces burn albümünün son şarkısı. bir albüme yapılabilecek en mükemmel veda. güzel bir klasik gitar girişi, sonra tüm agresifliği ve nefretiyle randy'nin vokali, üstüne ritmler. şarkının ikinci kısmı ilk kısmına göre daha hızlı, daha mükemmel. our father thy will be done. i have denied this life its worth i will not be the victim. sickness to you my master here's to getting worse hope it kills you faster. show me how it hurts to rot from the inside out. this vigil burns until the day our fires overtake you. our father we forsake you. blesses be his name nothing now the same. ask me why i hate why i've prayed to see the nation that i loved disintegrate and gladly give my life that revolution regenerates. in honor of the strife of those who've died in generations before your blood stained glory i reject your i deny your i defy you to continue. smite the shepherd and the sheep will be scattered
(bkz: virgil)
“as the palaces burn” albümünden bir lamb of god parçası. albümün son parçasıdır ve vokalist gaz ötesi bir performans sergilemektedir.
grubun killadelphia dvd'sinde o meşhur kavganın finali ağır çekim gösterilirken fonda clean tonda bu şarkı başlar, derken ışıklar söner ve randall sahnede "our father thy will be done" diyerek şarkıya girer. mevzu bahis sahneler gerek görsel gerek işitsel olarak tam bir kurgu ve dramatizasyon harikasıdır.
uyaniklilik, gece nöbeti, yortu arifesi; aksam/gece tapinmalari anlamina gelir. ayni zamanda turkceye teyzem ve ben olarak cevrilen morris panych eserinin orjinal adidir. oyun insanlıgin yalnizligi ve olum üzerine kuruludur. tiyatro stüdyosu tarafindan sahnelenen oyun kara mizah olgusunu tamamen yansittigi rahatca soylenilebilinir. ayrica soz konusu oyunda tecrubeli oyuncu mehmet ali kaptanlar ve 2. perdeye kadar hicbir dialogu olmadan sadece mimiklerini kullanarak oynayan serda kondeler aktunanin performansi da takdire deger. firsat bulursaniz; kacirmayin! izlenmeye fazlasiyla deger.
fish'in vigil in a wilderness of mirrors albümünün harika giriş parçası. sözleri: listen to me just hear me out if i could have your attention just quieten down for a voice in the crowd i get so confused and i don't understand i know you feel the same way you've always wanted to say but you don't get the chance just a voice in the crowd i don't know the score anymore it's not clear anymore i can't tell right from wrong anymore i just don't understand i was sitting here thinking of exchanging a new world for old like changing the channels on tv or the dirt that we stand in to gold when i was young my father told me just bad guys die at the time just a little white lie it was one of the first but it hurt me the most and the truth stung like tears in my eyes that even the good guys must die there's no reasoning no crimes and i never knew why even now it still makes me cry if there's somebody up there, could they throw me down a line just a little helping hand, just a little understanding just some answers to the questions that surround me now if there's somebody up there, could they throw me down a line just a little guiding light to tell wrong from right just some answers to the questions that i'm asking you i keep a vigil in a wilderness of mirrors where nothing here is ever what it seems you stand so close but you never understand it for all that we see is not all that it seems, am i blind? and you sit there and talk revolution but can you tell me just who's in command? when you tell me the forces we're fighting then i'll join you and gladly make plans but for now only our t-shirts cry freedom and our voices are gagged by our greed our minds are harnessed by knowledge by the hill and the will to succeed and if that's not what you believe would you just let me know i'm not standing alone that i'm not just a voice in the crowd if there's somebody up there, could they throw me down a line just a little helping hand, just a little understanding just some answers to the questions that i'm asking you if there's somebody up there, just throw me down a line just a little guiding light to tell wrong from right just some answers to the questions that i'm asking you i'll keep a vigil in a wilderness of mirrors where nothing is exactly how it seems you're reaching out, you're so close you can touch it but it all disappears when it's always so near but one day we will find that we stand in the light until then i'll keep a vigil in a wilderness of mirrors nothing here is ever what it seems i'm scared to shout in case i draw attention from the powers that preside over our minds and our lives when they find what i want is the deadliest weapon, that is truth day by day it's getting louder and day by day it's getting stronger but when i can't scream no more and i need reassurance, i listen to the crowd and the boy stood and stared at the hill and the hill - it stared back
shadows of the sun albümünden ulver parçası. for all who used to be and now are in the dark light a candle and say their name one last time let them go we will follow when time comes to pray for life to begin again a flower will open on the grave
ing. i. genellikle birini ya da bir olayı anmak için bir araya toplanma; mum yakıp o olayı hatırlama. (bir nevi barışçıl gösteri oluyor ki gösteri de değil aslında, amaç birilerine bir şey göstermek değil; biraraya gelmek ve o kişiyi ya da olayı hatırlamak) ii. dini bir sebeple bir geceyi uyanık geçirme.
(bkz: hunter the vigil)
serbest paraşütlerde kullanılan otomatik yedek paraşüt açma sistemi. herhangi bir nedenden ötürü paraşütü açma işlemi gerçekleş(e)mediğinde belirli bir hız ile(35 m/sn), 750 feet ile 1200 feet arası yüksekliğe gelindiğinde otomatik olarak yedek paraşütü açar. alternatifi için (bkz: cypres)
lamb of god harikası. 03.56 ve 04.11 arasına ilah diyorum: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buxbg9xh8gs
fish şarkısı olanı, progressive müzik nedir sorusunun cevabı gibidir, şarkı kendi içindeki uyumsuzluklardan oluşuyor resmen, mutsuz bir şarkı mı yoksa mutlu mu o bile anlaşılmıyor, o derece.
bill conti bestesi olanı insanı fena şekilde melankoliye sokmaya müsait rocky ii film müziklerinden. bu güne kadar kimsenin dikkatini çekmemiş olması enteresan.
as the palaces burn albümünün ve lamb of god diskografisinin en iyi eserleri arasında yer alan şarkı . killadelphia dvd'sindeki canlı performansı da mükemmeldir.
