(bkz: whatever it is) (bkz: whatever it hurts)
ing. her ne pahasına olursa.
oliver stone nun any given sunday filmindeki mottosu.
çocukken çok sevdiğim bir belinda carlisle şarkısı... sözleri eksik kalmasın: i've seen the rain fall down and wash away a town i've seen strong hearts easily broken why do some things survive while others live and die how can a man let his love go unspoken i couldn't stand to see us end up that way just another tragedy and every night i promise another day whatever it takes i will be there by your side baby anywhere when you're lost and alone i'll bring you home i will come thru for you whatever it takes whatever you need whatever comes down between you and me when the road gets rough you've gotta trust i will come thru for you whatever it takes i've opened every door i always wanted more i didn't have much to believe in i searched the world for you i found what's really true it's your love that gives me a reason baby it's only you who can free my heart i can't do it on my own you carry the light of day baby thru the dark whatever it takes i will be there by your side baby anywhere when you're lost and alone i'll bring you home i will come thru for you whatever it takes baby i'm bound to you to release my heart i can't do it on my own we'll find the light of day baby thru the dark whatever it takes
lifehouse'ın who we are isimli albümünün 3. parçası, sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun. a strangled smile fell from your face it kills me that i hurt you this way the worst part is that i didn't even know now there's a million reasons for you to go but if you can find a reason to stay i'll do whatever it takes to turn this around i know what's at stake i know that i've let you down and if you give me a chance believe that i can change i'll keep us together whatever it takes she said if we're gonna make this work you gotta let me inside even though it hurts don't hide the broken parts that i need to see she said like it or not it's the way it's gotta be you gotta love yourself if you can ever love me i'll do whatever it takes to turn this around i know what's at stake i know that i've let you down and if you give me a chance and give me a break i'll keep us together whatever it takes i know you deserve much better remember the time i told you the way that i felt and that i'd be lost without you and never find myself let's hold onto each other above everything else start over, start over i'll do whatever it takes to turn this around i know what's at stake i know that i've let you down and if you give me a chance believe that i can change i'll keep us together whatever it takes
shane west*, marla sokoloff*, jodi lyn o'keefe* ve james franco*'nun başrollerini paylaştığı 2000 yapımı romatik komedi filmi. gençler liseden mezun olur ve olaylar gelişir.
tom morello'nun akustik gitarına verdiği isim. bu gitarı genellikle solo projesi olan the nightwatchman adıyla kullanır. ayrıca diğer gitarları için: (bkz: soul power) (bkz: arm the homeless)
tom morello'nun the fabled city albümünün dinlemeye doyamadığım parçası. sözlüğe yaptığım en büyük kıyak kapsamında paylaşıma açıyorum. storm clouds won't bother to gather she cashed in and cut the tether she's gone, it's no mistake the angels have come too late they've come too late in my hands i hold the proof that something's sure to hit you pure flesh and bone to rip through don't let them tie you to the stake whatever it takes blood waters raise the ramparts i'll meet you now wherever you are i'm here until the frontline breaks whatever it takes then she turned off the headlights, cranked the radio, ran the redlights never found the missing bride windows dark but they're all inside they're all inside... in my hands i hold the proof that something's sure to hit you pure flesh and bone to rip through don't let them tie you to the stake whatever it takes blood waters raise the ramparts i'll meet you now wherever you are i'm here until the frontline breaks whatever it takes general without an army i stopped lookin, then they found me on the hill a horn is blowin it's over man, you just don't know it that something's sure to hit you pure flesh and bone to rip through don't let them tie you to the stake whatever it takes blood waters raise the ramparts i'll meet you now wherever you are i'm here until the frontline breaks whatever it takes come backwards through the red room a jungle of thieves to get through time's up, how long you gonna waste whatever it takes... so jack grab paper and pen i'll say once, we'll say it again. loosen the core until it shakes. whatever it takes. whatever it takes. klip de burda: http://indieblogheaven.typepad.com/…ideo-tom-m.html
no matter what ile benzer biraz.
(bkz: go for it)
leona lewis 'in spirit albumünden pek başarılı bir parça. sözleri ise şu şekildedir: da, da, da, da, da, da da, da, da, da, da, da, da [x2] people say love comes and goes, but they don't understand what they don't know cause, what i feel starts deep inside it's planted like a seed that springs into life they say it's not right and we move too fast but they don't know the meaning of what we have wherever it is, i'll fly whatever it takes, i'll try so don't pay no mind to what other people say whenever it is in my life know that i will be on time 'cause you know why there's no standing in our way da, da, da, da, da, da da, da, da, da, da, da, da [x2] when you're far and we're apart i'm really missing you i wanna be where you are they say it's not right (it's not right) and it won't last (it won't last) they never could believe in what we have wherever it is, i'll fly whatever it takes, i'll try so don't pay no mind to whatever people say whenever it is in my life i'll be on time 'cause you know why there's no standing in my way and if you're lost i'm gonna find you 'cause without you i'll break down and cry and you know why i wanna surround you with all my love [choir join in] wherever it is, i'll fly whatever it takes, i'll try so don't pay no mind to whatever people say whenever it is in my life know that i will be on time and you know why there's no standing in my way da, da, da, da, da, da da, da, da, da, da, da, da [x2] http://www.mp3lyrics.org/…-lewis/whatever-it-takes/
"tom morello'nun -whatever it takes-'ini red hot chili peppers'in -cant stop-'ına benzeten bir tek ben miyim acaba" merakını uyandırmış müzik.
yunanlıların ab'den yardım parası almak için "her şeyi" yapacaklarını söylemekte sık sık kullandıkları ingilizce söz. geçen sene venizelos söylemişti, şimdi de papademos söylüyor.
sirket ortamlarında, yükselebilecegi en yüksek pozisyona yükselmeyi kafasına koymus, bu düsünceyle gözünü kan bürümüş hırs küpü kimselerin mottosudur.
