1983 yılından süper bir eurythmics şarkısı. sözleri: the language of love slips from my lover's tongue cooler than ice cream and warmer than the sun dumb hearts get broken just like china cups the language of love has left me broken on the rocks but there's just one thing (just one thing) but there's just one thing and i really wannna know who's that girl running around with you? tell me who's that girl running around with you? the language of love has left me stony grey tongue tied and twisted at the price i've had to pay your careless notions have silenced these emotions look at all the foolishness your lover's talk has done
madonnanın aynı isimli filminin soundtrackinde yer alan şarkı. sözleri: who's that girl who's that girl when you see her say a prayer and kiss your heart goodbye she's trouble in a word get closer to the fire run faster her laughter burns you up inside you're spinning round and round you can't get up you try but you can't quien es esa nina who's that girl senorita mas fina who's that girl quien es esa nina who's that girl senorita mas fina who's that girl you try to avoid her fate is in your hands she's smiling an invitation to the dance her heart is on the street tu corazon es suyo now you're falling at her feet you try to get away but you can't quien es esa nina who's that girl senorita mas fina who's that girl quien es esa nina who's that girl senorita mas fina who's that girl light up my life so blind i can't see light up my life no one can help me now run faster her laughter burns you up inside he's spinning round and round you can't get up you try but you can't quien es esa nina who's that girl senorita mas fina who's that girl quien es esa nina who's that girl senorita mas fina who's that girl light up my life so blind i can't see light up my life no one can help me now who's that girl now who's that girl now who's that girl now who's that girl quien es esa nina who's that girl senorita mas fina who's that girl quien es esa nina who's that girl senorita mas fina who's that girl
eurythmics'inki, ekibin peak yaptigi touch albumunden..
ruff ryders kızı eve'nin neşeli bir şarkısı ...
kucukken who's that girl nakaratini kuznetsov diye anlayip, madonna nin kuznetsov a sarki yazdigini dusunurdum. (bkz: yanlis anlasilmis sarki sozleri)
1987 yapımı film. madonna namı diğer nikki, (beyaza yakın sarı kısa saçlı beyaz suratlı marilyn monroe imajlı zamanlarında) işlemediği bir cinayet yüzünden girdiği hapisten yeni çıkmış marjinal bir tiptir. kendisine şehir dışına kadar eşlik edecek olan avukat louden ( griffin dunne) bu cadaloz nereye çekerse oraya gidecektir, ve olaylar gelişecektir.
haliyle who's that girl world tour'da söylenmiş şarkıdır. la isla bonita ile bağlanan şarkı daha yumuşak bir şekilde söylenmektedir.
eve gibi panter kırmasının 11 eylülden evvel us listelerindeki hit parçası... eve s that girl!!!! yo, yo, yo they wanna know who’s that girl? (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) eve’s that girl (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) who’s that girl? (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) eve’s that girl (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) yo, yo can i turn you on by my word spell look into my eyes think i want you, can’t tell me i keep it sexy, daddy so i can’t fail keep it gangsta for the cowards so i give ’em hell call me misfit, lips spit a gang of trash wrist glist now cause i make a gang of cash light glance, still street with the doo-rag slang, spit game, change speech, how they do that? watch they mouths drop, watch the crowds pop up and act out broads with the screw face, smash on and knock out ain’t changed game don’t run me, i run the game if i gotta keep it gritty so be it, i’m supposed to change like simple, dizzy broads ain’t fuckin with my mental natural born hustlin’ bitch check what i’ve been through got mine took it from you, and now you slot mine exec to my own shit, dawg i ownin’ dot coms’ who’s that girl? (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) eve’s that girl (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) who’s that girl? (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) eve’s that girl (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) yo, yo i can understand why you’re scared of eve thought i did it one way, ain’t prepared for me huh, mad cause an image i don’t care to be realness, real shit, spit reality attitude rude, that’s the philly in i need me in the game, i’m the thrill in your life breath of fresh air little boys hang me on their wall, i grow ’em chest hair why you listenin to other shit? you go the best here come on try your luck shorty, i got the rest scared bet you anything you ain’t ready and you get left there ain’t known for frontin’ vouch for my behavior, same way they get down i get down for this paper sixteen lean from my pence so you can test her still need to know who i am then cop the record take it like a class on me and learn the lesson bottom line my world, my way any questions who’s that girl? (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) eve’s that girl (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) who’s that girl? (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) eve’s that girl (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) uh, yo power moves is made everyday by this thorough bitch i’mma get this bank anyway that i do this shit i was born to shine while most of y’all was borderline bullshit know exactly what i want from me, you cats is clueless, dispose the flow through my hands like water heat starts growing from my son or my daughter eve want her own cash, fuck what you bought her he spend, you owe, that’s what mommy taught her all ball is played, won’t starve today song after song i write so i get paid thought i wasn’t followin’ up with the second round now bitch swallow it up while i shut it down make em love me over again and over your name betcha they get over your style and over your fame why you lookin sad at me, i ain’t the blame back to plan b baby i can feel your pain who’s that girl? (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) eve’s that girl (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) who’s that girl? (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la) eve’s that girl (la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la)
madonna'nin oynadığı 1987 yapımı romantik - komedi filminin ismidir. pek hatırlamıyorum ama öyle kayda değer bir film değildi eğer bu türün hayranlarından değilseniz... yine de elinize geçince madonna 'nin sarı dağınık saçlı , parlak kırmızı rujlu rüküş halini görmek ve nasıl oynamış diye bamak için seyredebilirsiniz. bir de madonna'nin bu isimli bir şarkısı da mevcuttur. sizi alır 80'lere götürür - getirir.
ayni zamanda bir robyn sarkisi. good girls are pretty like all the time i'm just pretty some of the time (yeah) good girls are happy and satisfied i won't stop asking until i die (noooooo) i just can't deal with the rules i can't take the pressure it's got me saying ooo yeah [ chorus ] who's that girl? that you dream of who's that girl? that you think you love who's that girl? well i'm nothing like her i know there's no such girl i swear i can't take the pressure who's that girl? good girls don't say no or ask you why i won't let you love me, until you really try (oh no) good girls are sexy like every day i'm only sexy when i say it's ok i just can't deal with the rules i can't take the pressure it's got me saying ooo yeah [ chorus ] who's that girl? that you dream of who's that girl? that you think you love who's that girl? what if i'm not like her i know there's no such girl i swear i can't take the pressure who's that girl? let's play a game that you never tried you be the girl and i'll be the guy let's pretend everything has changed and then would you love me any different i just can't deal with the rules i can't take the pressure (oh no) who's that girl? [ chorus x2 ] who's that girl? that you dream of who's that girl? that you think you love who's that girl? what if i'm nothing like her i know there's no such girl i swear i can't take the pressure who's that girl? who's that girl?
zamanında rakip olan madonna ve cindy lauper ikilisini ayırt etmeyen evlatları robynin bu şarkısında feat halindelermiş gibi bir sonuç çıkarılabilinir keza robyn cindy lauperin şarkı söyleyişini alıp madonnanın aynı isimdeki şarkı ve filminden esinlenmiştir.yonca evcimik hala kötü bir cyndi lauper taklididir.
hayatımda izlediğim en saçma filmdir. ötesi yoktur.
