(bkz: ingilizce)(bkz: neden) anlaminda güzel bir soru cumlesi (bkz: cure)(bkz: fteotdgs) de robert smith "why why why you let me go" seklinde yureklerimizi daglayarak icimizde yer etmistir
fena olmayan bir helloween sarkisi.master of the ringsten. why lord why,tell me why.. at these lonely days i need your answer there's a reason why?
rivayete göre bir piskoloji sınavı sorusu 1 soru = 100 puan cevabıda why not
(bkz: why not) (bkz: muhan soysal) (bkz: risk)
ayni zamanda bir annie lennox $arkisi. how many times do i have to try to tell you that i'm sorry for the things i've done but when i start to try to tell you that's when you have to tell me hey, this kind of trouble's only just begun i tell myself too many times why don't you ever learn to keep your big mouth shut that's why it hurts so bad to hear the words that keep on falling from your mouth falling from your mouth falling from your mouth tell me... why why i may be mad i may be blind i may be viciously unkind but i can still read what you're thinking and i've heard it said too many times that you'd be better off besides... why can't you see this boat is sinking let's go down to the water's edge and we can cast away those doubts some things are better left unsaid but they still turn me inside out turning inside out turning inside out tell me... why tell me... why this is the book i never read these are the words i never said this is the path i'll never tread these are the dreams i'll dream instead this is the joy that's seldom spread these are the tears... the tears we shed this is the fear this is the dread these are the contents of my head and these are the years that we have spent and this is what they represent and this is how i feel do you know how i feel? 'cause i don't think you know how i feel i don't think you know what i feel i don't think you know what i feel you don't know what i feel
bir adet bronski beat hitidir ayni zamanda.. the age of consent albumunden..
... hey, this kind of trouble's only just begun i tell myself too many times why don't you ever learn to keep your big mouth shut that's why it hurts so bad to hear the words that keep on falling from your mouth ... derken annie lennox birden, aniden dont ask me why dinleme ihtiyacı duyarsınız... belki siz bu şarkıyı dinlerken o anda zaten tesadüfen sevgili dostunuz da dont ask me why dinliyor olur... (ya da vice versa)... (bkz: amazing world of coincidences)
ssgnin üzerine yazdığı sözler yüzünden nazarımda bir komedi dans üçlüsü parçasına dönüşmüş olan muhteşem satriani parçası...
cocukken gordugum bir posterde, sirtindan vurulmus kollari havaya kalkmis ve elinden tufegi dusmek uzere olan bir asker resminin (golge halinde) altinda yazan kelime. beni cok etkilemis ve savasi anlamini sorgulamam sebep olmustu. (bkz: savasin insanliga kazandirdiklari)
adı geçen resim ortaokulda resim iş dersinde karakalemle kopyasını yaptığım resimdir (bkz: hey gidi günler)
system of a down grubunun yeni albumunde yer alan yırtıcı, sinirli yer yer delirip tuhaf sesler * * *cikartan bir şarkısı.
annie lennox'un "do you know how i feel" dedigi andaki yuz ifadesi nedense yillar gecse de unutulamayan bir hatira olmu$, benligi alip ba$ka bir yere goturmu$ $arkidir, diva albumunden. once bir ruh alinir, ardindan gurur ve anlayi$ kar$i kar$iya konur, her ikisinin de uzerine acinin keskin tarafi ile "why" yazilir, our lady grace annie lennox'un $arkisinin ana temasi budur.
(bkz: y)
(bkz: why worry)
adını hatırlayamayıp 3 saatlik bir internet araştırmasından sonra umudumu kaybettiğim, tam vazgeçeceğim sırada bulduğum gus gus parçası.
güzel bir helloween şarkısı. father, it's time have a heart for your child who cries in pain not a new sign but i strike that'll blow those fools away open your eyes if you've got any you just look for too long a time they spit on your name doin' everything you darnned as highest crime they believe they could walk on the water playing 'god, sleep with the devils' daughter killed your son and might kill mine but you don't mind why, lord, why tell me why in these lonely days i'd need your answer there's a reason why how could you fail? still it's time, turn the black into the light why do you wait? do you look down and laugh at what you find? can't you see they are mistreating their daughters they believe they could walk on the waters they killed your son and might kill mine but you don't mind why, lord, why tell me why in these lonely days i'd need your answer there's a reason why why, lord, why tell me why your the only light forever lasting tell me, father, why (solo) why, lord, why tell me why in these lonely days i'd need your answer there's a reason why why, lord, why tell me why your the only light forever lasting tell me, father, why father, it's time father, it's time...
süper bir bonnie tyler parçası olup bitterblue albümünde bulunmaktadır... it's a breathless night - and i feel the pain this love is a sacrifice we can't build a fire baby in the rain oh the night has a thousand eyes how deep is your love babe no one cares about you i will love you tomorrow see what my love can do baby why - why should i hurt you? how many tears can i hide? nobody loves you like i do time is on my side, baby you'll close your eyes - i'll stay by your side i don't care if the sun don't shine when your heart feels like, oh a motherless child you are always oh in my mind how deep is your love babe no one cares about you but it's not too late babe see what my love can do baby why - why should i hurt you? how many tears can i cry? nobody loves you like i do time is on my side, baby baby why - why should i hurt you? how many tears can i hide? nobody loves you like i do time is on my side
matlabin geyik fonksiyonu.. randomize edilmis bir fortune gibi birsey.. belli cumle kaliplari ve kelimeler vardir, bunlardan cumle olusturup atar onunuze.. muhendislerin ne kadar maymun insanlar olduklarini anlarsiniz boylece.. >> why to fool some smart and young mathematician. >> aferin
gus gus'ın emiliana torrini ile düet * yaptığı muhteşem şarkı
ingilizcede y harfinin okunuşuyla aynı söylenişe sahip kelime. (bkz: vay)
(bkz: soran enstrumantal şarkılar)
bir kırmızı kitap karakteri. balerin bi hatun, kitabın sonlarına doğru ser adlı bi film oyuncusuyla çıkmaya başlar
asil adi bindigin dali kesmedir.
pariste les halles meydanındaki mağazasının yanısıra birkaç mağzası daha bulunan, tasarım harikası şeyler satılan (penis şeklinde makarna gibi) ilginç mağaza.
(bkz: pourquoi)
muhteşem ötesi bir gus gus şarkısı. polydistortion albümünde yer alan bu nefis şarkının, insanı dağıtmak, kanırtmak gibi etkileri vardır. hassas bünyelere zarar verebilir. sözleri de şöyle: tomorrow is just another day gonna let the sunshine meet my conscience told me stories gave me new ideas pretend only you, you know the answers always longing for you baby mmm mm mm, there's no one around me wanting me 'cause you know and i know enough to understand i' m a warm waiting idol a god above? is this what you want do you want a piece of mine tell me now are you short of cash our thing was made to last tell me tell me now tell me why yet another day is waiting love don't mean nothing cause i' m alive hear me out hear me out i'm calling strolling with an airplane ticket but nowhere to go nowhere to go is this what you want do you want a piece of mine tell me now are you short of cash our thing was made to last tell me tell me now
eddie vedderın kimi "black" kayıtlarının sonuna doğru çığırdığı kelime.bir insan bir kelimeyi bu kadar derinden çığırabilir.
godsmack'in ne udugu belirsiz bir sarkisi.herhangi bir albumunde bulunmamaktadir.ahanda sozleri: how in my head can i forget you make me suffer, yeah! trying to see how far you'll push me underground back into the rhythm fast trippin me when your in my world, yeah! everything you say i find a way to bring you down! why!? another way for you to fake your way through your life, yeah! remember everything you do will come around never am i going back to think i'm on crack and you might like it, yeah! will you ever fade away baby? why don't you just get out of my life! why!? i think of you sometimes but i never believe in you again! i think of you sometimes but i never believe in you again! i think of you sometimes but i never believe in you again! i think of you sometimes but i never believe in you again! and i'll never look back!
michael jackson ve yeğenlerinden oluşan 3t grubunun söylediği duygu yüklü slow şarkı. sözleri de şöyledir: why does monday come after tuesday why do summers start in june why do winters come too soon why do people fall in love when they're always breaking up, oh why why do i love you, tell me why it's not like i can explain whats in my heart it's just i feel a crazy pain with we're apart i don't wanna breathe i don't wanna think i don't wanna love i don't wanna do anything it's not like i can't describe what's going on it's just i feel i'm not alive when your not home i don't wannna sleep i don't wanna be i just want you here beside me without you there's no me why do we love if love will die why does wednesday come after tuesday why do flowers come in may why does springtime go away why do people fall in love when they're always breaking up oh why why do i love you, tell me why it's not like i can escape what's in my soul cuz with you inside my heart where can i go i don't wanna see no you without me i can't go through life without you without you there's no me why do we love if love will die? why do the rivers flow to the sea even if it flows why can't your love flow to me, babe why does my heart feel sadness to be in love, to feel your love why don't i feel complete why do i love you, tell me why tell me why tell me why tell my why tell my why
joe satriani'nin ilk dinledigim parcasidir ... bildigim en guzel enstrumental parcalardan biridir - eger en guzeli degil ise - herseyi ile bir butunluk arzeder, gecisleri, tonu, armonisi, ritmi ... satrianinin imzasini tasiyan o muthis gitar tonunun bu kadar guzel oturdugu bir diger parca da moroccan sunset tir bu arada
(bkz: why high one why)
internette 1 saattir arastirdigim ama bi turlu mp3'unu indiremedigim ve acilen dinleme ihtiyaci hissettigim icin ruhumda gicik bir durum yaratan sarki
ilginçtir ki, bu sözcük "neden" anlamından başka bir de türkçe'deki vay ünlemiyle benzer bir anlama da sahiptir. sokakta bir tanıdıkla tanışınca falan kullanılabilir mesela.
aynı zamanda melanie c parçası. why does the rain fall from the sky how can a sugar pill take this pain away i should have known that you would break my heart. you've ended something that didn't have a chance to start. put out the stars. rub out the sky. look to the future. wipe the teardrop from my eye. shut out the sun. put out the light. want you to tell me how you're gonna make it right. why am i crying over you why 'cos there's nothing else that i can do. why do i always look a fool why wish i'd read the signs and left you well alone. god, i wanna call you but i can't pick up the phone. put out the stars. rub out the sky. look to the future. wipe the teardrop from my eye. shut out the sun. bring on the night. want you to show me how you're gonna make it right. why am i crying over you why 'cos there's nothing else i can do. why do i always look a fool why why am i crying over you (tell me why. why does the rain fall from the sky) why 'cos there's nothing else that i can do. (why do the tears fall from my eyes) why do i always look a fool (why does the rain fall from the sky) why (oh tell me why) (tell me why).
sozleri cok guzel olan bir tracy chapman parcasi. (debut album) why do the babies starve when there's enough food to feed the world why when there're so many of us are there people still alone why are the missiles called peace keepers when they're aimed to kill why is a woman still not safe when she's in her home love is hate war is peace no is yes and we're all free but somebody's gonna have to answer the time is coming soon amidst all these questions and contradictions there're some who seek the truth but somebody's gonna have to answer the time is coming soon when the blind remove their blinders and the speechless speak the truth
terkedilme sonrası sahilde discman ile yürürken kendinize 'neden ulan allahsız karı' diye sormanıza yol açacak sonra da 'koy götüne gitsin' dedirtecek muhteşem satriani parçası.yalın, keyifli, coşkundur. su gibi akar gider
bu soruyu en güzel soran adam deli vedder'dır zannımca. cevap yine aynıdır, orası da ayrıdır.
avril lavigne'in çok eğlenceli, güzel şarkısı.
(bkz: why go)
bir supermasochist olarak bob flanagan'ın felsefesini ortaya koyduğu şiiridir aynı zamanda: because it feels good; because it gives me an erection; because it makes me come; because i'm sick; because there was so much sickness; because i say fuck the sickness; because i like the attention; because i was alone a lot; because i was different; because kids beat me up on the way to school; because i was humiliated by nuns; because of christ and the crucifixion; because of porky pig in bondage, force-fed by some sinister creep in a black cape; because of stories about children hung by their wrists, burned on the stove, scalded in tubs; because of "mutiny in the bounty"; because of houdini; because of my cousin cliff; because of the forts we built and the things we did inside them; because of what's inside me; because of my genes; because of my parents; because of doctors and nurses; because they tied me to the crib so i wouldn't hurt myself; because i had time to think; because i had time to hold my penis; because i had awful stomachaches and holding my penis made it feel better; because i felt like i was going to die; because it makes me feel invincible; because i'm a catholic; because i still love lent, and i still love my penis, and in spite of it all i have no guilt; because my parents said be what you want to be, and this is what i want to be; because i'm nothing but a big baby and i want a mommy forever, even a mean one, especially a mean one; because of all the fairy tale witches, and the wicked step mother, and the step sisters, and how sexy cinderella was, smudged with soot, doomed to a life of servitude; because of hansel locked in the witch's cage until he was fat enough to eat; because of "o" and how desperately i wanted to be her; because of my dreams; because of the games we played; because i've got an active imagination; because my mother bought me tinker toys; because hardware stores give me hard-ons; because of hammers, nails, clothespins, wood, padlocks, pullies, eyebolts, thumbtacks, staple-guns, sewing needles, wooden spoons, fishing tackle, chains, metal rulers, rubber tubing, spatulas, rope, twine, c-clamps, s-hooks, razor blades, scissors, tweezers, knives, push-pins, two-by-fours, ping-pong paddles, alligator clips, duct tape, broom sticks, barbecue skewers, bungie cords, sawhorses, soldering irons; because of tool sheds; because of garages; because of the pit and the pendulum, because of the tower of london; because of the inquisition; because of the rack; because of the cross; because of the addams family playroom; because of morticia addams and her black dress with its octopus legs; because of motherhood; because of amazons; because of the goddess; because it's in in my nature; because it's against nature; because it's nasty; because it's fun; because it flies in the face of all that's normal (whatever that is); because i'm not normal; because i used to think that i was part of some vast experiment and that there was this implant in my penis that made me do these things and allowed them (whoever they were) to monitor my activities; because i had to take my clothes off and lie inside this giant plastic bag so the doctors could collect my sweat; because once upon a time i had such a high fever my parents had to strip me naked and wrap me in sheets to stop the convulsions; because my parents loved me more when i was suffering; because surrender is sweet; because i'm attracted to it; because i'm addicted to it; because endorphins in the brain are like a natural kind of heroin; because i learned to take my medicine; because i was a big boy for taking it; because i can take it like a man; because, as somebody once said, he's got more balls than i do; because it is an act of courage; because it does take guts; because i'm proud of it; because i can't climb mountains; because i'm terrible at sports; because no pain, no gain; because spare the rod and spoil the child; because you always hurt the one you love.
enigmanin leroi est mort, vive le roi albumunden super bir sarki sozleri; i was childish and unfair to you, my only friend i regret, but now it's too late i can't show you any more the things i've learned from you cause life just took you away i'm asking why i'm asking why nobody gives an answer i'm just asking why but someday we'll meet again and i'll ask you i'll ask you why why it has to be like this i'm asking you why please give me an answer many years and stupid fights till we accept to see how it was and it'll always be why it has to be like this why we don't realize why we're too blind to see the one who's always on our side i'm asking why i'm asking why nobody gives an answer i'm just asking why just tell me why why it has to be like this that the good ones disappear i'm asking you why i'm asking why i'm asking why nobody gives an answer i'm just asking why i'm asking why
1975 tarihli modern masquerades albumunde yer alan bir fruupp parcasi ; sozleri ; hey, i was hoping you’d be in, i just rang to say again how much i love you. and now, i’m quite lost for things to say. it always happens that way. each time i call you. but i was wondering, if you'd been wondering, why? i’m so undecided though you were always on my mind. oh but i was holding back to give myself a little time. then suddenly it struck me, i was holding back too long. oh, for he who hesitates has lost forever, all is gone. i went chasing shadows everywhere knowing you were never there. but always hoping, how can i begin to know you now. a clouded past reveals somehow. it's never showing, new showing, never knowing, why.
vaaaaay?, yani why? clouddead'in üç as elemanından birisidir. gerçek adı yoni wolf'tur. anticon'un şirinlik muskasıdır. daha önceki oaklandazulasylum uzunçalarına geçen sene elephant eyelash'i eklemiştir. benim takip edebildiğim, arada odd nosdam'la split diye bir albüm yapmışlar ve reaching quiet adı altında bir çalışmada daha eyleşmişlerdir, onun adı da "in the shadow of the living room"dur. piç kurusu hokkabaz görüntüsüne karşın güzel güzel şeyler anlatmaktadır yoni. ailecek seviyoruz kendisini.
2006'nın en güzel hediyelerinden harika bir elefant şarkısı.black magic show no: 06. sözleri şöyle: driving through the night using all the lights hiding in the stars above i kiss you on the arm i never meant to harm the only girl i ever loved that was long ago before i could say no whisper in my ear again that today, i'll change why must i always choose the highs over me and you? i try and i try to change my old ways darling oh darling your sweater on the stairs pretending you're still there it's everything and nothing new another wasted chance save me one last dance a final waltz for me and you as we spin around why must i always choose the highs over me and you? i try and i try to change my old ways darling oh darling i'll never change i'll never change i'll never change driving through the night using all the lights hiding in the stars above as we spin around why must i always choose the highs over me and you? i try and i try to change my old ways darling oh darling it's just too late why, why
deli solosuyla master of the rings'in her parçası gibi süper helloween parçası..
bir andrew birds bowl of fire şarkısı (speşıl tenks tu aditia) why?? why’d you do that? you shouldn’t have done that if i told you once i told you three times you’ll get your punishments when you show me your crimes it’s not a spell or a curse you put on me or the way you make me smile so tenderly but how i wish it was your temper you were throwing down you for being so easygoing i thought that time would tell my sins would provoke you to raise some hell not a chance whatever happened to fiery romance oh how i wish it was those dishes you were throwing down you for being so easygoing no, don’t give that line don’t try to tell me that inaction is not a crime can’t you see what kind of seeds you’re sowing damn you for being so easygoing şarkıdaki down-damn olayı da bambaşka ayrıca.
limp bizkit'in greatest hitz albumunde yer alan ve akustik gitarlarla zenginle$tirilmi$ $arkinin adi.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6tfkd0odho andrew bird beyin böyle takıldığı bir parçası
yedinci nesil çaylak. edit: yazar olmuş hoşgelmiş.
(bkz: why penalti why)
2 yıl önce bi kaç nick denemesinden sonra "eeh zükecem ama!" deyip nickiniz kısmına why yazmış olan, kesin biri kullanıyodur bu gudik şeyi diyen fakat öyle olmadığını gören, sevmediği bi nicke sahip olan yazar.. (bkz: önemli olan nick güzelliği değil)
charles tilly'nin yazdığı, kapağında "dü$üncelerimizin ve davranı$larımızın altında yatan nedenler.." diye küçük bir not barındıran türkçe'si de en tabi "neden?"* olan kitap. + güpgüzel joe satriani $arkısı..
emiliana torrini katkılı gus gus 'why'ının arkasından bir de natalie imbruglia'nın, benim fikrimce tutsu dumanı olan 'smoke'undaki 'why' yakarı$larına geciniz, geciniz ki, gözler kapanırken, tam anlamıyla karlar kralicesi ruhuna burunebilesiniz..
"did you want to talk to me? did you want to ask me why?" * *
ömer faruk tekbilek'in tree of patience albumunden bir enstrumental eser. şarkıda kanun ile ney işbirliği yapmış, gonullerimizin bamteline dokunmaktadır.
california'dan cikan yetenekli bir grup why?. cikardiklari yeni albumleri alopecia ise yilin geri kalanini goz onunde bulundurdugumuzda hatri sayilir calismalardan. fuzyon ilkesi esliginde cok farkli tarzlari bir araya getirerek harman yontemine girismisler ve alinlarinin da akiyla cikmislar. indie, folk, rock, hip hop vs. karmasasi icinde muzikal anlamda gayet basarili calismalar var ve mutlaka dinlenesi bir album sunmuslar sonuc olarak da. alopecia albumunun incelemesi ve 2 ornek parca icin: http://proodos.blogspot.com/…ecia-anticon-2008.html
fatalist palmistry'i ne kadar cok seviyorsam, by torpedo or crohn's'dan o kadar nefret ettigim, dinlerken surekli atlayip geri donmeme sebep olan dengesiz bir album yapmis california'li grup. kesinlikle dengesiz! http://www.myspace.com/whyanticon
kucukken (7-8 yaslarinda) askerden gonderilen bir kartpostalda yaziyordu bu kelime. uzerinde bir askerin vuruldugu anda cekilmis siyah beyaz bir resmi vardi. universite arkadaslarini bile hatirlayimayacak kadar balik hafizali olan ben bile bu resmi ve uzerinde kocaman yazilmis "why?" yazisini unutmam.
sözleri aşağıdaki gibi olan bir secondhand serenade şarkısı. the buttons on my phone are worn thin i don't think that i knew the chaos i was getting in. but i've broken all my promises to you i've broken all my promises to you. why do you do this to me? why do you do this so easily? you make it hard to smile because you make it hard to breathe why do you do this to me? a phrasing that's a single tear, is harder than i ever feared and you were left feeling so alone. because these days aren't easy like they have been once before these days aren't easy anymore. why do you do this to me? why do you do this so easily? you make it hard to smile because you make it hard to breathe why do you do this to me? to me, to me, to me. i should have known this wasn't real and fought it off and fought to feel what matters most? everything that you feel while listening to every word that i sing. i promise you i will bring you home i will bring you home. why do you do this to me? why do you do this so easily? you make it hard to smile because you make it hard to breathe why do you do this to me? why do you do this to me? why do you do this so easily? you make it hard to smile because you make it hard to breathe why do you do this to me? to me, to me, to me.
berlin'de 11 mayis 2008 tarihli konserinde izledigim super ve orijinal muzige sahip grup. elemanlarinin enstrumanlari her sarki arasinda kendi aralarinda degistirmeleri ve ortada sürekli bir hareketlilik olmasi gayet eglendiriciydi ama bütün elemanlarin birden fazla aleti layikiyla ve güzel müzik üreterek calmasina dikkati cekerim
bir fkn ve jahala ortak çalışması. çok doyurucu olan sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun. why? leave you tonight. why? leave you to-night. evet tüm şarkı bu iki satırdan ibaret ama bak güzel şarkı bir dinle hele, dur kaçma..
parca zaten mukemmel kabul, ancak $u laf nasi guzel gidiyor anlatilamaz ... "damn you for being so easygoing"
2004 çıkışlı the january tree albümünden bir dead soul tribe parçası.. blindfolds and cigarettes black hoods and camcorders televise homicide soldiers in shallow graves martyrs and thought police waiting to take you away why don't you let it lay won't you walk away let it end today why don't you let it go land of democracy land of hypocrisy forced down our throats, the indescents of pleasure while violence and war deemed appropriate measures land of morality hand of brutality kill on command over corporate profit don't let them send you away why don't you let it lay won't you walk away let it end today why don't you let it go and we have such a long way to go but we've taken the wrong way to go there's one thing i want you to know there is something they don't want to show why don't you let it lay won't you walk away let it end today why don't you let it go
lamb'in solisti lou rhodes'in beloved one isimli solo albümünün son şarkısı. sözler de şöyle: you told me i was beautiful and held me oh so tight so i duett on my ugliness and hid away my light tell me why, oh why can't we let the good things in i wanna know why, oh why can't we let the good things in you said that you'd loved me before you saw my face so i waited and watched for another girl to take my place tell me why, oh why can't we let the good things in i wanna know why, oh why can't we let the good things in tell me i wanna know why tell me i wanna know why so much of what i'd hoped for i couldn't let it be so i made me a world where you had to leave tell me why, oh why can't we let the good things in i wanna know why, oh why can't we let the good things in i wanna know why tell me i wanna know why tell me i wanna know why tell me i wanna know why can't we let the good things in
ing. şaşırma, duraksama bildirecek şekilde, bazen de boş yere, cümlelerden önce kullanılır. "gd: i can believe that. bob said you raised horses. do you? jhc: why, yes, mr. douglas, i do. are you interested in horses?" (internette rasgele bir röportajdan, http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/print.asp?id=9128)
iltifat veya türevi göt kaldırıcı şeylere karşılık verirken de kibarlık maksadıyla kullanıldığı olur. + you look lovely today, ms. baldökyala. - why thanks, mr. tüysüzpopoyalayangil.
cıkısı oldukca yakınlasan dorduncu studyo albumlerı ıcın: (bkz: eskimo snow)
(bkz: the never-ending why)
(bkz: wally hermes yachts)
eskimo snow adli 2. albumunu cikaran grup. ancak album ilki kadar doygun degil. sadece birkac parca zevke uygun, eski albumdeki tadi veriyor. sanirim yeni bir yola girdikten sonra devam ettirmek kolay olmuyor. ama yine de bir denemeye deger eger hala tanisilmadiysa kendisiyle.
yeni yeni palazlanıp elementary seviyesine ha ulaşmış ha ulaşacak olan lise öğrencilerine sırf pislik olsun diye bile yapıştırılabilecek soru.nitekim bırak ingilizceyi türkçe bile neden sorusuna cevap vermekte zorlanır bu yavrucaklar bazen.
crossfade'in bir sarkisi. favorilerimden efenim. walking madly feeling strangely and i'm not sure where to go i got a funny feeling have i lost my meaning i wish i could go home when you said you were leaving i didn't let it affect me sat on the bar and let them flow now i'm lost and lonely i wish you never told me what i didn't want to know and i will crawl on my own i'm taken by your smile as i'm lyin beside you dying inside i don't know why i try to save this when all i ever want to do is get as far as i can go where there's nothing left of me and you're now worthless to me you are no more i'm as far as i can go nothing left of me and you i thought the buzz would help me i think it just made me crazy can't pull me out of this hole you say you could not save me you wouldn't stay to watch me it was too much on your soul now i'm feelin alright to get us back to right and you're nowhere i can find no longer living blindly just seemed to be bad timing coz you walked into the night why
ömer faruk tekbilek'in en güzel eserlerinden biri. dinlerken gerçekten de "neden" diye düşünüyor insan."neden oluyor bütün bunlar?" umarım stv keşfetmez de bıktırmaz bizi bu eserden de i love you'da yaptığı gibi.
her zaman soru seklinde kullanilmiyor bu kelime. bazen cumlenin basinda unlem olarak da kullaniliyor. -you are so beautiful -why, thank you orneginde goruldugu gibi.
27 nisan'da indigo'dalar. darisi diger anticon muzisyenlerinin basina.
ömer faruk tekbilek'in en güzel eseri. girişteki 1 dakikalık kısımdan sonra ney ile geçiş anından parçanın bitimine kadar siz de bitebilirsiniz. yüksek sesle dinlenmelidir.
idare eder bir satriani eseri.
avril'e ait olan sarkinin sozleri soyledir: why, do you always do this to me? why, couldn't you just see through me? how come, you act like this like you just don't care at all do you expect me to believe i was the only one to fall? i can feel, i can feel you near me, even though you're far away i can feel, i can feel you baby, why it's not supposed to feel this way i need you, i need you more and more each day it's not supposed to hurt this way i need you, i need you, i need you tell me, are you and me still together? tell me, do you think we could last forever? tell me, why hey, listen to what we're not saying let's play, a different game than what we're playing try, to look at me and really see my heart do you expect me to believe i'm gonna let us fall apart? i can feel, i can feel you near me, even when you're far away i can feel, i can feel you baby, why it's not supposed to feel this way i need you, i need you more and more each day it's not supposed to hurt this way i need you, i need you, i need you tell me, are you and me still together? tell me, you think we could last forever? tell me, why so go and think about whatever you need to think about go on and dream about whatever you need to dream about and come back to me when you know just how you feel, you feel i can feel, i can feel you near me, even though you're far away i can feel, i can feel you baby, why it's not supposed to hurt this way i need you, i need you more and more each day it's not supposed to hurt this way i need you, i need you, i need you tell me it's not supposed to hurt this way i need you, i need you more and more each day it's not supposed to hurt this way i need you, i need you, i need you tell me, are you and me still together? tell me, do you think we could last forever? tell me, why
bir pandora sarkisi. sozlerini yapistirayim da tam olsun: i should have known everything must come to an end a broken heart and it's never goin' to mend like autumn leaves i fade away from you my winter came when i had to go why why why why did you ask me to leave why when i started to believe the only thing that we still are ment to share the loneliness and it's deep collectin' my tears like autumn leaves i fade away from you my winter came when i had to go why why why why did you ask me to leave why when i started to believe why why why why did you ask me to leave why when i'm all you ever need i did believe in our love so strong we fell in love, don't know what went so wrong why why why why did you ask me to leave why when i started to believe why why why why did you ask me to leave why when i love you endlessly
aslı _why şeklinde olan ruby camiasının (ve programlama tabii ki) enterasan karakterlerinden biri. bir kaç yıldır ortadan kayboldu, bütün siteleri de kapalı. kimse de nerde napıyo bilmiyor. adeta atlas shrugged
vakti zamanında üniversite mezuniyet slaytlarımızın arka fonunda çalan, neşeli bir satch parçası.
harbiden neden? diye soran bir satriani parçası... önce bir şeyler açıklar, sonra sorar "neden?" diye, ardından da isyan eder. çok klas parçadır özetle.
youtube'da "manimitch" rumuzlu bir kullanıcı "içten de dıştan da bundan daha güzel bir kadın gördüğümü sanmıyorum, o gerçek bir rol modeli" yorumunu yapmış, ki kendisine aynen katılıyorum. bu şarkı annie lennox'un en iyi ağıtlarından biridir, dinlediğinizde sizi büyüler ve kolayca etkisi altına alır. şahsen 1992'den beri de favorilerimdendir, uykusuz gecelerimin çoğuna eşlik eder. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hg7i4onioya
bir the specials şarkısı.
sesimize orson welles tonu vermek kaydi ile because seklinde cevaplanip, ardindan susulursa cok karizma olur. oyle zannediyorum. evde tek basiniza denemeyiniz.
joe satriani'nin the extremist albümündeki en güzel şarkı, tears in the rain introsundan sonra başlar; (bkz: http://www.youtube.com/…zjm7pzqqw1u&feature=related)
ömer faruk tekbilek'in muhteşem eseri. ruhu zehirleyebilen popüler kültür unsuru müziklere karşı en güzel, en leziz panzehirlerden biri: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmvkq0fmbdu
(bkz: charles tilly)
antique adlı yunan asıllı müzik grubunun 2001 yılında piyasaya sürmüş oldukları tekli. slavi trifonovda bu şarkıya eşlik etmiştir. http://www.youtube.com/…sgea&feature=endscreen&nr=1
bir i love you ya da hasret degil... daha iyisi... (bkz: omer faruk tekbilek)
michael jakson'un yeğenlerinden olaşan 3t adlı grubun 1996 yılında yayınlanan brotherhood adlı albümünde bulunan şarkı. şarkının önce michael jacksonun history* adlı albümünde yer alması düşünülmüş, ancak michael daha sonra şarkıyı albümden çıkarıp yeğenlerine vermiş. şarkı amerika listelerinde pek başarılı olmasa da avrupa ve asya listelerinde üst sıralara çıkmış. şarkı için çekilen klip michael jackson's vision setinde yer almaktadır. videosu burdan izlenebilir: http://www.youtube.com/…=jgolyfq4xvi&unblocked=true
kanun'un "neden" diye sorduğu ney'in "ne sen sor ne ben söyleyim" diye cevap verdiği, kanun ve ney'in muhteşem düeti olan bir omar faruk tekbilek eseri.
