enrique iglesias'in euphoria albumunden hos bir sarki. escaping nights without you with shadows on the wall my mind is running wild tryin hard not to fall you told me that you love me but say i’m just a friend my heart is broken up into pieces cos i know i’ll never free my soul it’s trapped between true love and being alone when my eyes are closed the greatest story told i woke and my dreams are shattered here on the floor why oh why tell me why not me why oh why we were meant to be baby i know i could be all you need why oh why oh why i wanna love you if you only knew how much i love you so why not me the day after tomorrow i’ll still be around to catch you when you fall and ever let you down you say that we’re forever our love will never end i’ve tried to come up but it’s drowning me to know you’ll never feel my soul it’s trapped between true love and being alone when my eyes are closed the greatest story told i woke and my dreams are shattered here on the floor tell me baby why oh why tell me why not me why oh why we were meant to be baby i know i could be all you need why oh why oh why i wanna love you if you only knew how much i love you so why not me you won’t ever know how far we can go you won’t ever know how far we can go (go) why oh why tell me why not me why oh why we were meant to be baby i know i could be all you need why oh why oh why why oh why tell me why not me why oh why we were meant to be baby i know i could be all you need why oh why oh why oh why i wanna love you if you only knew how much i love you so why not me (why not me, why not me)
within temptation 'ın the unforgiving albümünün introsu. albüm şöyle başlıyor : oh some may call it a curse, a life like mine but others? a blessing it's certainly a lonely life but a fulfilling one at best yet my cross to bear and i bear it gladly someone has to take a stand against evil why should it not be me?
meşhur bir kemal sunal repliği. - you! - me? - you... and you! - me? - not you, fucker! - why not me?
aynı zamanda 7th heaven dokuzuncu sezon sekizinci bölümünün adı.
