wolverine'in kizi.. cok sucks bir cizgi roman tiplemesi..
c.taylor a ait ve jimi hendrix in mutesem yorumladigi gaz parca ..bi donem istanbulda cock ya hoop ,tampon gibi gruplarin her konser soylemeden edemedigi parca (bkz: yillar var ki)
(bkz: wild things)
son derece kolay bir melodi ve son derece kolay akorlar sayesinde eski donem hayrani 2 gitar tingirdatabilen kisiler tarafindan calinabilir tam sarki ortasinda verilen ara en can alici noktasidir
amerikan dizi ve filmlerinde yapılan çılgın atraksiyonların değişmez fon müziği olan şarkı. jimi hendrix kimi yorumlarının ortasında bir yerde strangers in the night çalar bir kuble, hop bi dakka ne çalıyo der demez şarkının orjinaline döner.
hazirlik donemi ingilizce ders kitaplarinin kasetlerinde var olan genellikle bet sesli bi herifin seslendirdigi sarki.
(bkz: something wild)
ingilterede adini hatirlayamadigim (ve bi saattir internette haril haril aradigim, bulamadigim, bana kafayi yedirtecek olan) bir bira markasinin reklaminda calan sarki.
louie louieye pek bir benzer bu lezzetli garage klasiği. birçok yorumu yapılmışsa da en güzelini troggs yapmıştır. wild thing...you make my heart sing... you make everything groovy i said wild thing... wild thing, i think i love you but i wanna know for sure come on, hold me tight i love you wild thing...you make my heart sing... you make everything groovy i said wild thing... wild thing, i think you move me but i wanna know for sure so come on, hold me tight you move me...
son pepsi reklaminda* jennifer lopez ve beyonce tarafindan yorumlanmis hali çalan sarki. lopez'in son albümünde bulunmuyor ya da single olarak çikmadi ama gelecekte piyasalarda yer alir zannimca.
major league'de*; wild thing lakapli rick vaughn* bir sureligine burundugu snob kostumunden arinip uzerinde paralanmis deri ceketini tekrar gecirir uzerine, beyzbol sopasini kapip kepini takar. sahanin ortasina dogru ilerlerken, gaza gelmis tribunlerden bir sarki yukselir: wild thing...you make my heart sing... you make everything groovy i said wild thing...
o malum 3 akorun nelere kadir olduğunu gösteren şarkı.daha karmaşık ve zorlu akorlarla ve armoniyle anlatılamayacak hisler ve karşıdakine gaz verme ve harekete geçirme durumunu en iyi özetleyen şarkılardan biri.
joan jett yorumuda pek hoş olan şarkı.
(bkz: eureka) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aglf_flwmje
muppet showda kermit'in söylediği şarkıdır.
bir noah and the whale sarkisi. time can make more rubble out of dreams than anything in a quiet neighborhood where she's living without wings there's eyes behind the curtains and there's ears below the floor cracks inside the ceiling and there's shadows at the door the boredom stirs a rage inside her soul a rage that reaches out and takes control baby she's a wild thing nine days out alone sleep in the dirt she walks back into town with blood stains on her shirt everyone has questions but no one wants to know how far the anger in someone can really make them go her tangled hair and mud stains on her knees bruised ribs and rips on the side of her jeans baby she's a wild thing well i used to be a citizen in this town 'til my teeth turned gray and my hair fell out all the civil decent people, they don't want to know but a girl looking for trouble said she'd give me a go while everybody's sleeping in this town this night from the crooked clock tower to the borderline and night star static in the winter breeze she's lying in the moonlight with her hands between my knees she says it's all right well, it's all right by me baby she's a wild thing
tone loc'un parasının nasıl cebinde kaldığını anlatan; en bilinen ve güzel parçalarından biridir. sözlerini de bir yerlerden kopyaladık: workin' all week 9 to 5 for my money so when the weekend comes i go get live with the honey rollin' down the street i saw this girl and she was pumpin' i winked my eye, she got into the ride went to a club was jumpin' introduce myself as loc she said, "you're a liar" i said, "i got it goin' on baby doll and i'm on fire" took her to the hotel she said "you're the king" i said, "be my queen if you know what i mean and let us do the wild thing wild thing wild thing shoppin' at the mall looking for some gear to buy i saw this girl she cool rocked my world and i had to adjust my fly she looked at me and smiled and said "you have plans for the night" i said, "hopefully if things go well, i'll be with you tonight" so we journeyed to her house one thing led to an other i keyed the door, i cold hit the floor looked up and it was her mother i didn't know what to say i was hanging by a string she said, "hey, you two, i was once like you and i liked to do the wild thing" wild thing she loved to do the wild thing wild thing please, baby, baby, please posse in effect hangin' out is always hype and when me and the crew leave the shindig i want a girl who's just my type saw this luscious little frame i ain't lyin' fellas she was fine the sweet young miss go gave me a kiss and i knew that she was mine took her to the limousine still parked outside i tipped the chauffeur when it was over and i gave her my own ride couldn't get her off my jack she was like static cling but that's what happens when body start slappin' from doin' the wild thing wild thing she wanna do the wild thing please, baby, baby, please wild thing doin' a little show at the local discotheque this fine youg chick was on my jack so i say what the heck she want to come on stage and do her little dance so i said, "chill for now but maybe later, you'll get your chance" so when the show was finished i took her around the way and what do you know she was good to go without a word to say we was all alone and she said, "tone, let me tell you one thing i need dollar 50 to make you holler, i get paid to do the wild thing" say what yo love you must be kidding you're walkin' babe just break out of here hasta la vista baby wild thing
aynı zamanda alf birinci sezon on dokuzuncu bölümünün adı.
2012 model snoop dogg & bob sinclar şarkısı. ilerleyen günlerde daha fazla kulağımıza çalınması pek muhtemel.
major league ve major league 2 filmlerinin en gaz sahnelerinde çalan şarkıdır. ikisinde de charlie sheen'in canlandırdığı rick "wild thing" vaughn maçın kader anında stada giriş yaparken çalar. ahan da vidyoları: 1. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffrl4u4eiju 2. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihjs-i_ajfa
tone loc'unkisinde jamie's cryin' sample'ı vardır.
riffleri smells like teen spirit'i andıran şarkı. (bkz: #928182)
(bkz: wild nothing)
