(bkz: winning eleven)
(bkz: winner)
jack welch in yeni kitabının adı.
paul newmanin 1969'da çevirdigi araba yarislariyla ilgili kült flim...
carlos santana eseri. sözlerini de yazayım tam olsun one day i was on the ground when i needed a hand and it couldn't be found i was so far down that i couldn't get up you know and one day i was one of life's losers even my friends were my ac-cus-ers and in my head lost before i'd begun i had a dream but it turned to dust what i thought was love that must have been lust i was living in style when the walls fell in when i played my hand i looked like a joker turn around fate must have woke her 'cause lady luck she was waiting outside the door chorus: i'm winning i'm winning i'm winning and i don't intend on losing again too bad it belonged to me it was the wrong time and i meant to be it took a long time and i knew for now i can see the day that i breath for friends agree there's a need to play the game and to win again
emily haines'in solo albumunden harikulade bir sarki. albumun* son parcasidir ayrica. to never open a book, always reading a magazine outspend, betting if it looks like winning you haven't been knives don't have your back i wait and i count, the knives don't have your back i wait and i count to the last breath we take what we made, doesn't make sense what's a wolf without a pack? open your chest and take the heart from it open your chest what's bad, we'll fix it what's wrong, we'll make it alright, alright it's gone, we'll find it takes so long, we've got time all the time some part of you, too small to lose some part of you, too small to lose all of us, all of you all of us, all of you counting to the last breath we take what we made, doesn't make sense what's a wolf without a pack? open your chest and take the heart from it when you talk, can i tape you? how'd you get what we don't know? we don't know how to help only know how to hound nose to the grindstone grindstone to the ground don't even visit that place, they'll sharpen their teeth on your smile i'm glad you didnt all our songs will be lullabyes in no time what's bad, what's wrong, make it alright, alright it's gone, so long we've got time, all the time all the time...
ismine zıt olarak kaybetme hissiyatını daha iyi anlatan from the lions mouth albümünün açılışı. the sound klasiği. what holds your hope together, make sure it's strong enough when you reach the end of your tether it's because it wasn't strong enough, i was going to drown, then i started swimming i was going down, then i started winning winning - winning when you're on the bottom crawl back to the top something pulls you up, and a voice you can't stop, i was going to drown, then i started swimming, i was going down then i started winning winning - winning
(bkz: charlie sheen)
charlie sheen lisanında, yardırmış.
