ad&d'de karakterinizin bilgeligini belirleyen bir puandir.. mesela wis'i yuksek bir karakter olarak yoda'yi ornek gosterebiliriz.. ee ne ki.. ben warrior'im karde$im ne anlarim wis'ten int'ten..
wisdom/crs.. (bkz: crescent)'in muzisyeni.. bir aralar (bkz: coders)'a takilirdi kayboldu sonra..
iyi muzisyen, iyi coder. (bkz: c64) (bkz: crescent) (bkz: scener) (bkz: hvsc)
super sevdiiim bi adam modeli netscape'ci oldugu halde sevilesi takdir edilesi designer & coder bar sekli ve pastane koselerinde kari kiz geyigi yapilasi eglenceli adam ama cekti gitti beni yanniz birakti tp koselerinde ben de kizkardesini internet explorer'ci yapicam :p
uzakdoğu dinleri başta olmak üzere bir çok dinde ve mitolojide hikmet, hikmet sahibi, akıl ve akıllının simgesidir.
"unles science can speak silence is the only wisdom"
bilgelik , akıl manasına da gelir. (bkz: words of wisdom)
david gray'in a century ends adli albumunden bir $arki. sozleri: chorus time no good wisdom no good patience no good to me anymore now the night had fallen on the stair some things you do you can never repair seems i'm always pretending things aren't there when they are and the leaves are nearly off the trees and the traffic thick past yellow windows i'm waiting in the frozen headlights thinking of you chorus and the trees are looking like bones and the afternoon's filled with storm and rain i'm staring out of this metal train thinking of you and the tress are looking like bones the afternoon filled with rain and storm and i'm tangles up in memory's thorns no way through chorus trees like bones, yellow windows memories, thorns, oh and you chorus
david gray bu $arkiyi sonrasinda the eps 92 94adli albume de koymu$tur.
(bkz: lost wisdom)
jacob's dream'in "theater of war" albümünde yer alan harika parça: wisdom life is a journey that you must take my son. take care and live it well, because there's only one. remember there's a purpose that you were meant to be. you have a heart, you have a mind. you are humanity. listen! challenge will come. storms will rage against your heart. face them and be strong. face them and be strong. a lifetime of learning is what i give to you. when you make a choice in life, be sure to think it trough. wisdom holds a treasure of knowledge in her hands. take care and love her well. you'll be a better man. listen, learn to understand. use the gifts that you possess. find your destiny. dare to live your dreams. challenge will come. storms will rage against your heart. face them and be strong. face them and be strong. watch your back. protect your mind. always keep your objectives clear 'til the day you die. find your destiny. dare to live your dreams. pain will come, tears will fall. guard your heart, keep your vision clear, rise above it all. find your destiny. dare to live your dreams. can't you feel the hunger that's growing in your heart' let your gifts consume you, let them tear your fears apart. hear the voice of reason that's calling from the sky. face the winds of future, with a fire in your eyes.
aylar once istiklal'de kar$ila$tigim ki$i. 7d3 olacakmi$, goru$uruz orada herhalde.
negatif olduunda kötülüğe bulaşan ve korku salan karakter değeri
erdem
bence dünyadaki en güzel kelimelerden biridir. buna sahip olunduğunda başka ne istenebilir ki sorusunu aklıma getirir. gözlerden anlaşılır. (bkz: ak sakallı dede)
knowledge yani bilgiden sonra gelen adım, bilgelik.
brmc şarkısı olanı da vardır..
(bkz: tommy wisdom)
frp'de druidler ve clericler için özellikle yüksek olması gereken puan. öğrenilebilecek ve yapılabilecek büyülerin sayısını etkiler. wizardlar için ise bu işlevi intelligence puanı görür.
harika bir delerium şarkısı. "i tried to forget the drowning truth lashing inside my sea of youth life seemed a fair sacrifice for peace"
bilgi yonetiminde (knowledge management) verilerin anlamlandirilmasinda ulasilan son nokta. data'dan information'a knowledge'a ve en son wisdom'a ulasilir. ornek olarak da genellikle soyle bir siralama verilir: data: 15 information: 15 km/saat knowledge: ruzgarin hizi 15 km/saat wisdom: ruzgarin hizi 15 km/saat ise insanlar uyarilmalidir (bkz: bilmem anlatabiliyor muyum)
knowledge ile wisdom arasındaki fark* = ilim ve irfan arasındaki fark.
hikmet ya da (bkz: #7360247)
bir john gorka parçası. sözleri de şöyle: wisdom exists though it's not commonly found it's got the lonesomest howl of any dog in the pound wisdom persists, wisdom swings free what once worked for you, will not work for me wisdom will stick, it's a permanent bond it tends to resist all the scum in the pond wisdom will stay, wisdom hangs on it's not like the news which is already gone wisdom resides between salt and sky i'm too mean to quit or too dumb to try it might come soon. it sure comes slow it's not all the facts, just what you need to know wisdom says so wisdom will fit, it won't use much space against all odds with no chemical trace wisdom hangs on, it knew your face when you were young wisdom arrives like a crude afterthought it's modern value played down, because it cannot be bought wisdom will stick, adhere to your leg it comes after the chicken, it's shaped like an egg wisdom's still free, but it doesn't come cheap it's found in your dreams not on the nights you don't sleep wisdom persists, it has an elegant glow it mostly consists of what you know you don't know wisdom hangs on, saves wear on your lip it won't go to waste, it shoots from the hip wisdom will cry, it will follow a storm make your ice cream cone hard and you coffee urn warm wisdom exists, though it's not commonly found it's got the lonesomest howl of any dog in the pound wisdom resides between salt and sky i'm too mean to quit or too dumb to try wisdom and i
xandria'nın kill the sun adlı albümündeki bir şarkı..
sözleri soyle olan güzel bir deleriumparcası to others the pain was obvious the colours of shame a bruise - unjust abuse of trust can't be wiped i can't remember why i chose to say goodbye i'm terrified of what i might have severed i tried to forget the drowning truth lashing inside my sea of youth life seemed a fair sacrifice for peace i can't remember why i chose to say goodbye i'm terrified of what i might have severed i ended up too high but never learnt to fly so coming down i'm very thankful (you were there)
emilio estevez' in hem yazdığı, hem yönettiği, hem de demi moore ile başrolünü oynadığı 1986 yapımı film. iki aşığın otoban maceralarının bir anda nasıl da halk tarafından sahiplenildiğine (mevcut düzene ince göndermelerle), demi moore' un bir garip bakan sol gözüne, natural born killers' ın hangi filmden esinlendiğine şahit oluyoruz izlerken. final üstüne final yaşatan deli film.
dnd'de cleric , paladin ve ranger'ların büyülerini yapmaları için ihtiyaçları olan özellik.
sabırlı biri değilseniz, sahip olamazsınız.
"what else is wisdom ......... ? to stand from fear set free, to breath and wait." euripides
son entry'sini 8 yıl önce girmiş birinci nesil bir yazar.
"ashes and snow"un lisa gerrard ve patrick cassidy imzalı, tüyler ürperten, hem mest eden hem de hüzün veren soundtrack'lerinden biri.
(bkz: do)
2001 yılında kurulmuş,gayet başarılı macar heavy metal grubu. gábor nagy - vokal gábor kovács - gitar zsolt galambos - gitar máté molnár - bass balázs ágota - bateri albümleri: ep (2004) words of wisdom (2006) at the gates (2007) judas (2011)
(bkz: andre wisdom)
(bkz: wisdom begins in wonder)
