bon jovi'nin slippery when wet isimli albumunde bulunan bir parca. she wasn't young, but still a child there still was innocence in painted smiles she called to me as i passed her by lady of the night looked in my eyes she said: i been through some changes but one thing always stays the same without love, there's nothing without love nothing else can get through the night nothing else feels right without love i saw a man down on lonely street a broken man who looked like me and no one knows the pain that he's been living he lost his love and still hasn't forgiven he said: i've been through some changes but one thing always stays the same without love, there's nothing without love nothing else can get you through the night nothing else feels right without love there's nothing without love nothing else but love can burn as bright and nothing would mean nothing without love i see my life there's some things i took for granted love's passed me by so many second chances i was afraid but i won't be afraid no more without love, there's nothing without love nothing else can get you through the night nothing else feels right without love there's nothing without love nothing else but love can burn as bright and nothing would mean nothing without love
bon jovi'nin slippery when wetalbümünün kanımca en güzel parçası..
tom jonesun yanılmıyorsam sözleri kendine ait naftalinli çeyiz şarkısı..ilk bölümü içli içli şiir gibi okumasının akabinde, sonrası nasihatine kulak vermemizi tembihlemekle geçiyor.. to live for today and to love for tomorrow is the wisdom of a fool because tomorrow is promised to noone you see love is that wonderful thing that the whole world needs plenty of. if you think for one minute that you can live without it then you are only fooling yourself. listen please i like to tell you something that happened to me just the other day. i awakened this morning i was filled with despair all my dreams turned to ashes and now they are gone. and i looked at my life it was barren and bare without love i had nothing at all. without love i had nothing without love i had nothing at all. i had conquered the world but what then did i have ? without love i had nothing at all. i once had a sweetheart who loved only me there was nothing that she would not give. i was blind to her goodness and i just could not see that a heart without love cannot live. without love i had nothing without love i had nothing at all. i had conquered the world but what then did i have ? without love i had nothing at all.
o değil de ''without love i had nothing'' diyerek işi özetlemiş tom jones amcamız.
