harika adam. trenckot, gunes gozlugu gibi garip bir kiyafetle super kahramanlik yapar.
marvel comicsin yaşlanmayan, acıkmayan, susamayan, sıçmayan, sarhoş olmayan karakteri. yani bir türk delikanlısı.
tinie tempah in ellie goulding ile yaptığı hoş düet. sözleride şu şekilde : the strong, the mighty! the forces of evil can never destroy, the power of the wonderman. and though the most formidable journey lies ahead, only one will prevail. wonder, wonder! wonderman! uh yeh, these haters couldn't get to where i am with a full tank of petrol, uh my uncle used to drink a can of kestrel when life got stressful, uh what kinda person should you be when wanna make people to accept you, uh what does it really mean when you dream of being famous and successful, when you were born to be special, uh yeh and i went from the kid on class, takes some radio djs so they could bring me up to the young rapper that everybody's ringing up, got em looking for a sprinkle of that pixie dust mad thoughts in my head when its blowin up. are you really big enough. i traded friends for fans cement for sand raise your hand the wonder man see the bright lights shine in your face i'm counting on you to take it all away i saw the chosen one their calling your name are you you are you you, the wonder man bored of being nameless bored of feeling when you walk up in the mall and cant afford a pair of trainers, imagine when it changes, imagine satisfaction when you make it, its more than being famous, more then the applause and more than any form of status, more than the performances in 20 foreign places, benidorm, vegas, many more praises, amen hallelujah tinie look what's happened to ya yeh they love that attitude brand new and improved, yeh and when the fans start grabbing you, show gratitude with a little brag or two, amen hallelujah tinie look what's happened to ya, who can say they ran look at all the obstacles i ran look i traded friends for fans cement for sand raise your hand the wonder man see the bright lights shine in your face i'm counting on you to take it all away i saw the chosen one their calling your name are you you are you you, the wonder man come on come on the stars are where you belong come on come on follow your heart is gunna take you home come on come on the stars are where you belong there's no turning back from here see the bright lights shine in your face i'm counting on you to take it all away i saw the chosen one their calling your name are you you are you yo, the wonder man
başrollerinde danny kaye ve virginia mayo'nun oynadığı 1945 yapımı harika film. danny kaye'in edwin dingle ve buzzy bellew adlı ikiz kardeşleri canlandırdığı filmde edwin dingle kendi halinde bir kütüphanecidir, buzzy ise gece klübünde çalışır. buzzy bir gün görmemesi gereken bir şey görür ve gangsterler tarafından öldürülür. hayaleti ise edwin'den yardım istemek üzere geri döner. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0038260/
