tesla - bust a nut ever since chicken little said, the sky was fallin' down upon his head i told myself, what a wonderful world climb a tree, headin' straight to the pond get some pearly walks before they turn to frogs i told myself, what a wonderful world puppy love are behind the law, before you know it it's a big old dog left so suddenly, where's that wonderful world? just a kid growin' up on a farm, hardly knew what was right from wrong it's a jungle in this wonderful world ever since johnny went to nam, he loves his men the way he loves [his arm] i convinced myself, it's an ugly old world but seein' school, i was just a kid, someone had to go and shoot the president he wasn't sleeping when he's going to bed, so they said, so now he's dead didn't know much but i knew it wasn't funny everybody's crying like they killed the easter bunny nothing changes, never changes, killing in vain tell me what it's coming to, tell me what well we ain't gonna do if it stays like this we'll have nothing left to lose saw a picture and it ain't so pretty, from the west coast to new york city i've seen the world, it's such a pity, we'll be here on our own ever since chicken little said, "humpty dumpty fell and broke his head" i told myself, what a wonderful world ever since mom she reveal, the tooth ferry nor santa claus is real may be so, mama, it's still a wonderful world that may be so, mama, still it's a wonderful world
(bkz: wonderful life)
bir sam cooke şarkısıdır. "tarih bilmem, biyoloji bilmem, jeoloji bilmem, bi bok bilmem, ammmaaa, seni sevdiğimi biliyorum" der sam. kardeşim adama sormazlar mı, "sen bir meslek bilememişsin, ev nası geçinecek, kira neyle ödenecek?". ama yok, bir coşku, bir yerinde duramamazlıkla çatı tepesinden bağırmaktadır sam amca kör cahilliğini. yalnız hakkını vermek lazım, şarkıda 1+1=2'dir bunu bilirim der. anaokulunda kadrolu ofis boy imkanı yok diyemeyiz.
don't know much about history don't know much biology don't know much about a science book don't know much about the french i took but i do know that i love you and i know that if you love me too what a wonderful world this would be don't know much about geography don't know much trigonometry don't know much about algebra don't know what a slide rule is for. but i do know that one and one is two, and if this one could be with you, what a wonderful world this would be. now i don't claim to be an "a" student, but i'm trying to be. 'coz maybe by being an "a" student baby i can win your love for me. don't know much about history don't know much biology don't know much about a science book don't know much about the french i took. but i do know that i love you, and i know that if you love me too, what a wonderful world this would be. don't know much about history don't know much biology don't know much about a science book don't know much about the french i took. but i do know that i love you, and i know that if you love me too, what a wonderful world this would be.
derslerin mına koyim sana bişey olmasın temalı sam cooke şarkısı.
hitch'in açılışında da çalan sam cooke şarkısı.
david sylvian parçası nine horses albümünden. it’s a wonderful world and you take and you give and the sun fills the sky in the space where you live it’s a day full of dreams it’s a dream of a day and the joy that it brings nearly sweeps her away it’s a wonderful world as the buildings fall down and you quicken your step ‘til your feet leave the ground and you’re soaring above all the sorrow below and you’re falling in love with those you don’t know and your heart feels so wide and your heart fills so strong it was never a place that you felt you belonged it’s a wonderful world full of wonderful things and the people fall down and abandon their dreams (i hear him, he’s talking out loud sometimes he whistles while walking how could he know any better? i weep for him, i weep for him now) it’s a wonderful world it’s a real crying shame cos she’s hurting herself in a violent way and there’s people she knows that won’t even try and they’re trapped in their lives feeling terrified and it’s in times like these that she promised to call but the scale of our love is diminished and small it’s a wonderful world and she doesn’t know why she wakes up each day and continues to cry (he’s sleeping his troubles away he’s finding it too hard to bear i’m with him every step of the way i weep for him, i weep for him now) it’s a wonderful world and you take and you give and the sun fills the sky in the space where you live
güzel film. matthew broderickin canlandırdığı karakter biraz uç bir karakter de olsa senegalli kardeşlerin hayat dolu olması yüzümü güldürdü... --- spoiler --- son sahnede gökten balık yağması çok güzeldi. ibou'nun kız kardeşi ise son zamanlarda gördüğüm at hatunların en iyisiydi. yine amerika, demokrasi, sistem, kapitalizm gibi global hataların kurbanı olan 21. yüzyıl dünya ülkelerinin insanlıktan çıkmasına bir örnekti. --- spoiler ---
hayata negatif bakma temalı bir filmdir... hayata pozitif bak tipi şeyleri severim ama beni bile sıktı desem çok iyi anlaşılır. sevdiğim sahneler vardı elbet ama biraz monoton idi maalesef...
cloudless sky is in my eyes the sun has come out for air my dog is sitting by my side watching me getting high what a wonderful world looking with inner eyes what a wonderful world nothing ever dies can you feel the taste of life or are you blinded by the clowns? shake the water and feed the sun oil the universal joint sözlerine sahip spiritual beggars şarkısıdır. ad astra albümünden.
james morrison şarkısı. i've been down so low people look at me and they know they can tell something is wrong, like i don't belong well, staring through a window standing outside there just too happy to care tonight i wanna be like them but i'll mess it up again i tripped them out when god kicked outside everybody's soul and i know that it's a wonderful world but i can't feel it right now well, i thought that i was doing well but i just want to cry now well, i know that it's a wonderful world from the sky down to the sea but i can only see it when you're here, here with me sometimes i feel so full that it just comes spilling out it's uncomfortable to see i give it away so easily but if i had someone i would do anything and never, never, never let you feel alone i won't, i won't leave you on your own but who am i to dream? dreams are for fools, they'll let you down when i know that it's a wonderful world but i can't feel it right now but i thought that i was doing well but i just want to cry now well, i know that it's a wonderful world from the sky down to the sea but i can only see when you're here, here with me and i wish that i could make it better i'd give anything for you to call me maybe just a little letter, oh, it could start again, oh well, i know that it's a wonderful world but i can't feel it right now well, i thought that i was doing well but i just want to cry now well, i know that it's a wonderful world from the sky down to the sea but i can only see when you're here, here with me, oh and i know that it's a wonderful world, i can't feel it right now i've got all the right clothes to wear, i just wanna cry now, cry now well, i know that it's a wonderful world from the sky down to the sea but i can only see when you're here, here with me and i know that it's a wonderful world when you're with me
